Oh OK thanks I guess I didn't realize how much her AA did that should be really helpful in future games
Holy shit that dude's legs were enormous.
"Was already posted, and someone else just posted this in the last few minutes for some reason."
Ten Million Somalis would argue that Somalia is *inhabitable*
Worked for Big Dick Rick in 13-14
Imagine if a men's rights activist said that girls who were circumcised had female privilege.
"Eh, why not?"
Thanks
"Oh how I missed the two-faced Sun editors: One day they call for Ford's resignation, the next day they're kissing his ass."
While a interesting thought I really feel that we'd then see a up-surge of people running around with EOtech on the intervention and R700 and using it as a CQB weapon which sniper rifles really aren't meant to be used as.
A group of D-list characters take a D-list team name and never sell very many comics (an already very small medium) that still firmly plants them in the D-list.
"We dont want Asians in CS:GO, look what they did to LoL... 80% of players are korean now."
Ziploc
"Caps also for independent clauses after colons, in some styles."
"If they had enough probable cause to get a warrant, it's not their problem."
Feel sorry for guys with genitalia mutilation the lengths they need to go to jerk off if only their parents had not sexualy mutilated them as a child
Antonya actually.
I may or may not be stoned....I am
"Some of them are named too; I did a Minutemen quest and had to kill a bunch of Raiders with names as opposed to just being called ""Raider""."
I remember Pulse.
I would hate to be you too
"Hence, the Lightning Network."
Sad
Far more likely we'll get breakthroughs in chip manufacturing that will let us make more powerful chips for less money as has been happening since the advent of computing.
"hmm, yeah that's pretty spot on."
"""LPT: When lending a marker always lend it with the cap on, so it doesn't come back at a later point all dried up. """
His nickname should be Lucien Lachance
"Yeah, I think we had them for a few years before we hit the right combination."
Thanks for the insight
"Unless you're Carmella, she always wants to look F A B U L O U S."
bet
"I thought Bama was suppose to be the one that bumped up players, not us"
Isn't it a Pity by George Harrison
LBJ did it too.
Goddamn I fucking love this thread.
Someone is forgetting about the Ottoman Empire and the Umayyad Caliphate.
"Well that's reassuring, I just hope I don't have to look up meta decks in order to get anywhere, which is generally the nature of these."
Tumblr is the modern emo notebook given an audience.
I guess I am lucky - the second I went to 9.0 (public release) mine started working fine - maybe try giving them a call?
best episode up there with the one where he was treading water for two episodes
are you a cable pornographer?
A set of Jerseys didn't cost Vincent Tan that much.
I was banned from Weightweenies cycling forum because I got really drink one night and asked some trolly questions about carbon fiber.
No idea.
Because it's definitely not the case other way around lul
It was supposed to be punny.
"They never really claimed this, they just happen to only border da3esh"
But... it's off season
bonecrusher which is free pray xp when training slayer - pretty big.
Looks like Cube World (rip)
I might have built a few divisions but the vast majority was there from the start.
Is there a recording of this with an ending?
dota has skins too....
I'd say 99% of stats are trust me stats since you didn't compute them.
The proselytizing in the comments is fairly tasteless.
AHhhh kk thx
"Seriously, I want to know but I don't want my screen to break from zooming in."
"This best part about this is Rule 34 existing, so pretty much everything has a ""porn version"" of it so everything would be guilty."
ok
It's because their prostate is twice as big
The biggest thing to happen in Perth all year
JAY DONT CARE
I don't see the problem
Good job :D
here we go again
Me too!
I'm sorry.
38frags god flamie
TAKE THE POISON
1 like = 1 pray for Verizon cdma brothers
Speak for yourself.
Unwritten rule of reddit that camo is invisible.
"No, FiletMcShay is saying that wifebeaters literally do not cover the armpits, therefore if OP were to sweat, the wifebeater wouldn't absorb any sweat at all and the sweat would get on the dress shirt directly."
And they say chivalry is dead
nope.
Enjoy mythic boss farming :) EDIT : Seriously though report it if not already done
At least it's a circlejerk that does more good than harm.
"If he continues to bloom and develop, this will be a Disney movie in a decade."
Gunship for the Commodore 64
I'd rather tell my kid to save thier money on something important then have them blow it on stupid things
"Helen Keller was much too eloquent and intelligent for redditor assholes, anyway."
"Is not rat, is Siberian hamster!"
but you can't cast a T2 Thought-Knot if you ban the temples.
"If they made it a special item, I wouldn't even be mad to be honest."
Sounds like something in the differential then.
"Oh god it was like the day mekelek got vac banned not that long after maikelele got into NIP, I didn't know who mekelek was at the time so I thought maikelele got vac banned for a second.."
The cop part is hilarious
"Because that would be both easy and sane, as opposed to a mad science abomination against all that is holy."
Didn't it also cause a seizure?
"Addition to Poland, Czech Republic and Mongolia; Vietnam, East Germany, Estonia, Cuba and so on."
"If nothing else that short mom ""I need to speak to the manager"" hair cut Cait had forever."
"Yeah I was talking to my co workers who had been there since 2000 and they said the liquid smoke stopped about 2 years ago so just before I got there, but liquid smoke is probably a more original method"
Universe i mean me too thanks
That would be the dumbest trade EVER in the BFL
"It is not the hardware you use, it is the software in your heart that matters."
hes here for a meaningful relationship
"If it weren't for hash tag and the thumbnail, I would never have thought of Ooo La La."
my gf is 27 and sometimes sing the japanese version...
"That's awesome, I took a look at your boards and they seem good."
"I'm sure that there will be court transcripts available online, if you find them then submit them here and you'll probably collect a fair amount of upvotes."
Nordstrom and Macy's don't drug test.
"I know, but hyperbole and exaggeration and stuff!"
"Go home Marley, you high again!"
Somewhere in the woods.
You might want to try reading Sil3x's post.
You're right; why hire a piano teacher when your millionaire dad with Hollywood connections can just invite a famous pianist over to teach your kid?
I did Nazi this coming
"Yeah I speed-read it and saw ""readjust another time when its cold"" and thought that was being recommended as a regular thing for cold-starts."
because lillard was the oldest good pg he could think of bc he was 22 - something constantly used to knock him leading up to the draft
Buy a filter
Naaaaaaaaaah.
man i love that film... I love at the end where he is like... shut up and smoke my weed!
I need friends like yours :(
::yawn:: Projecting and assumptions.
when I realized the 19 year old bimbo I was talking to had no idea what hubcaps are.
"Honestly, that's the difference between good and bad editing, right there."
This is certainly possible.
Literally came here to say this.
"Fed ex drivers only turn right on delivery routes, or so I hear."
As a hobby with the hopes it becomes more professional at some point.
Jurassic Park &amp; The Matrix.
You can take RNH off the list now!
Jessie!
inb4 hollywood is whitewashing the casting
It's already on here and it's fake.
No one here was claiming it buffs everything....just weapon damage.
"Yes, it has been pointed out to me, thank you very much."
Boob Saibabe.
bila mau saman?
This is why we love mods...
Morgana Q
What is TEST Squadron?
"At least the person looking for money was straight up about it, I guess."
link?
"Man, where the fuck do I find the rope to go down the shaft?"
Jealousy Rising!
"Uhm, I'm pretty sure most of not all people here know what specs the s7 has."
Well deserved
"*hide yo kids, hide yo wives"
"My chefs have never even heard of ""pizza""!"
He should run out more often.
literally a math equation: three equals equals dee which is longhand for 3d
"She has not done anything illegal, Jesus, the armchair lawyers here are nuts"
That is a shit-ton of cocaine.
Amiami tends to use more packing material than Hobbysearch who might have just made it fit into SAL
"It involves a version of Leon in a fantastical universe that is kind, does good deeds, and agrees with everyone."
"It's not a legal thing, no, but who would report someone for rape when they *explicitly told them* that it's fine?"
"""Austin goddamn Powers"" I was a henchman for Dr Evil, rolled over by a steamroller."
* Painted MB * Terrible paint protection * CARPET TESTBENCH This is the greatest post ever
Definitely headed for a lockout if this ends up being a high price.
yeah how were they suppose to account for kickbacks and corruption
"decently balanced, nerf wm and then inspect competitive/high ranked matches to see how to continue with balancing the game out, for example maybe limit multiple heroes in a team to just 1 pair (in competitive play ofc)"
Then I hope the bullets hit those that are most deserving.
Dig on match point
Which subject?
It's not in Celcius; I think I'd have heard about the tens of thousands of deaths caused by it being 97C in Montreal East.
Is there even a point to posting something like this outside of an attempt to make someone feel bad?
The editing on his channel is half of what makes it so great :D
I
But aren't you free to use another phone?
"Miss Fortune was free two or three weeks ago, she's really amazing but for some reason I bought caitlyn instead ( :[ )"
"But my name is Rami, does that mean I am the best player in the world?"
"If he does, Reese shall be referred to as the Goalie Whisperer til the end of time."
Looks like Timmy finally got his revenge
"RidNacs is the best, easiest to use and look at IMO."
"Oh, so it **is** Nazi Germany."
"Regardless, there's two sides to the ball, and the offensive side isn't why Isaiah's not that good."
Subspecies.
HEB Montrose is like grocery store nirvana
"Unless Houston is giving out Chairback hero Ts to the first 10K into each game, a.Dynamo fan bashing disappointing attendance is rich."
I want to know how much you paid for it and how many matches are on there.
Lord knows our pass rush needs the help.
in other news oGsSuperNoVa winner of IEM Sao Paulo
Group quests were always optional
Sadly we will never be using it :/ Would be nice to get this as a usable skill ...
This was just perfect.
"Just anole pun thread, as usual."
Awesome!
Don't you dare!
I agree 100 percent.
In what way is $12 and a trip to the DMV **once every 10 years** so outrageous?
Why did this comment give me an erection?
all you have to do is legalize weed and the beez will be fine in the NBA
...oh
Gurren Lagann?
Occasionally I put little bits of dry dog food next to the fence in my yard so the neighbours 8 week old rottweiler puppy smells them and squeezes his way under the fence into my yard so I can play with him.
Car tires
There's a black market for actual breastmilk because you legally can't sell it.
I'm hourly and I get overtime.
"As my female qunari rogue, Neeshka, I completed the main game at level 24 on Nightmare."
"What a tool, I hate when people repeat the same stuff"
Bless you
Most of us...
"Hit detection was horrible yesterday, I literally rage quit."
could be a smoke screen
"Your skin is gorgeous, makeup is great and I love your tattoo."
You could say he is in business of political offices.
So little effort used and he still sends 2 players flying.
I'm married with no plans of ever having kids...getting to play video games 2-4 hours a week and watching movies all the time is something I'd go crazy without.
Literally have no idea how he scrambles or even makes it to the huddle with the weight of those giant fucking bronze balls he's dragging everywhere.
Because that makes sense
Or just a basic observation.
That awkward moment when even homeless people have nicer phones than you.
This looks horrendous... so much fuel to continuously heat... put that thing in the sun at least!
"I still think he is bullshitting after reading it, but i hope what he writes is true"
"Thanks, the ones that are no-brainers always make me hesitate even more."
Because 90% of techies players suck and make the game a 4v6.
*Snap* woohoo \\//\
Donald is having a hard time keeping his lies straight
So because some people don't understand PGP you think that it's not important?
That would be great!
Can you upload an image?
iunderstoodthatreference.gif should actually call a bot.
"so I can't use, Nick Diaz, Lyoto Machida, Daniel Cormier, Liz Carmouche, Nate Diaz, or Fabricio Werdum?"
"Whataburger is love, Whataburger is life"
Proofy did but Nade played well up until Warhawk SnD
I don't think he is on IR I think hes just injured
The AEC sends its regards.
He also seems to be showing how to helicopter with his ears.
The European kind seems to like others to do their killing for them.
I think that might have been entirely intentional
You should check out Alex Gibney's work.
By rigged system do you mean the 3 million more votes she got?
"I don't know anything about him, but great news!"
It doesn't.
I suspect your comment expresses more about yourself than any religion.
"It's wild how many people on Whisper are willing to fuck without knowing who you are, what you look like, age, etc"
"Before everybody else, probably."
"Nah man, it's made from squeezing oranges onto flowers!"
I was hoping for another Sarah Duncan incident.
"Maybe not rules or laws, but how about some standards?"
"I feel like a broken record, but what makes you so sure that this isn't a video from an exterminator about to murder a bunch of rats and just likes filming his victims?"
"Shit post, but i guess you have to expect it from someone named Jarry"
Your response can also be applied to your hobby.
"Ignore him, he's s statist who thinks he can make everything better by outlawing it (he doesn't realize how bad everything will be after he outlaws everything)"
Knowing reddit probably something about feminism
Johnson for Emperor of Planet Fitness 2020.
I didn't know vegans and vegetarians were different things.
"That's my point, if cops shoot people who are **immobilized** simply because someone mentions there is a gun on their person, those are very poorly trained cops."
Nice
I'd give it a day or two until it's nerfed but yeah force buys are a breeze with the R8 :/
Wouldn't it be better if they spoke about how the political system actually worked?
You want dat Vegas route bruh
"Well coming from someone who was saying Trump's broke and will get arrested for tax evasion by releasing his taxes to CNN, which are already in the hands of the IRS, that's not really an insult."
Portugal pays his respects on the passing of President Higgins and will send a representative to his funeral.
but he clearly struggles to put a contact in his eye so I wouldn't trust him with more advanced equipment
ROASTED
Yeah planning ahead these days doesn't work what sounds good today might not in a few weeks lol.
I was hoping to see some dong.
What Province?
"He is a reporter over at ""The Vertical Daily""."
IIRC its 112 in almost any country in the world to call the emergency call center.
I miss when those gave coupons for free snacks.
78556
Butthurt
I hate you guys so so much most of the time.
I'd love to see a video of this if you wouldn't mind pointing me in the right direction.
and then you're halfway
The social awkwardness is really cringey....
I wish these were longer
Yes I get that.
At least I'll leave a beautiful corpse.
Atleast half the post on this subreddit is one guy posting on his alts
Alprazalom definitely comes to mind.
My middle name is Lee so all the time.
"Yea, I've always been confused when Europeans blame Americans for the supposed ""smallpox blankets"" when the only recorded instance of a military officer suggesting such a thing was in a letter from one **British** officer to another."
Yeah I don't think that's entirely necessary to cockblock these guys.
"Cause he never orgasms from blowjobs, the give-up point is after at least half an hour of intercourse at which point we're both pretty tired, and he's not that attached to always orgasming."
"Unfortunately its the cold reality, prostitutes aren't there to make friends."
Burrito
This is another one from back in the day.
"In that case, would *you* like to explain why?"
He seems like a real nice guy.
That's another +1 for torrenting.
"Also, some apps misbehave or have bugs so bad they affect the underlying operating system, iOS should clear ram as it needs it but it doesn't always work as expected."
"I'm from Sweden and don't know what shamrock is, I just assumed it had to do with nazis..."
that courtroom episode tho.. FRANK CASTLE IS FINALLY HERE
What did you limit your calories to?
"- Neil ""Smoke de Grasse"" Tyson"
***they are desperate people.. you are watching a dying animal lash out a few last times***
"A person of your caliber is a net negative on the world, so the more of your time is wasted, the better."
Other breaking news...Water - wet.
"if its a good one, why not."
"Well, that wouldn't last long..."
"Why does this even need to be explained, you can see Fenix smiling through most of the video."
Am I the only one who had an appropriately creepy tune play in my head when I saw this?
"To be honest, that's my suspicion as well"
"By the way, does the 100% bleed duration perk work with with thrown spears?"
"MUDs did it first, now get off my lawn!"
in reverse
SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKA!
"Yep, currently going through SG-1 on Hulu."
This is exactly how most pornos start...
Cat.
I meant small - s staples .
so much better than a roast potato.
Al Gore was an inside job...
**NO LLAMA NO**
Don't worry the Appeals court will ride to the rescue of m'lady.
What language was he speaking?
"Also, it's worth noting that with the free boosters from the event getting heroes to level 5 is much easier."
I used to have one of those.
"That one was posted on here when it came out yesterday, Key's picture is new :)"
Well if nobody EVER finds out why would you NEED more than one?
they look like they're difficult as fuck to stay upright on.
That is all they got
"i dunno, but i'm probably going to guess they had to do with how goofy that guy looked in that picture."
added
Then you'll need to either play with her clit or find a toy that does it for you while you have sex.
"Holy shit, I thought I was alone on this."
Impulse.
"I doubt you'll get a serious conversation out of mception, seeing as how the socialism straw man has already been brought up."
Steelseries Rival 300 is fucking fantastic
And are young enough to be embarrassed about this shit.
Nice
Call them Zika babies.
That's a good dog :)
Visual studio 20xe indents just about everything the way I like it by default.
you stay away from my icebreaker dick
"Usually they say 'feminazi', so just using feminist as an insult is rather special."
I didn't know their taxi service doubles as a towing service.
"In famous last words of Ultron, you are UNBEARABLY naive."
lol I went through tons of black friday/cyber monday sale lists and didn't EVER come across Civ V :'(
Can we go *one full day* without a repost of this?
"Road rash or toy soldiers on n64, 4 player on a 12 inch screen in grandparents basement with the cousins crowded around waiting on the loser to give the controller"
Subtle.
Dollar Tree takes coupons too.
"^^ There he is, way to ""burst our bubble""."
"When I hear ""S Coupe"" it's not Tesla I think about."
"I remember him saying that too, but do you have a link to the video/tweet/post about it?"
how does one acquire a criterion disk and booklet without the case?
At least we got KH 1.5 and 2.5...
"Mlb has a game everyday, they get like 1 break per week on average?"
"""We're coming in too hot!"""
Clean the house.
I blame Obama.
you get an upvote because that song should never die
Well done
"Hmm lets see, 450/570=.789 so I would say that's pretty close to 80%"
"It's nice to hear that you could fix your problems with a solid overclock :) cpu bottlenecking should be a problem of the past now and since new AAA games seem to run good on multiple threads you should be fine for the next couple of years again without having to buy a new CPU+mobo :) ""May your frames be high and your temperatures low"" :)"
If he gets signed do you think he's pull a Punk style exit with the SMASH Wrestling title?
"I thought that a long black was the same as an Americano, no?"
32v32 PVZ pls
Lol seriously?
"I'd like to think Moyes would want to rebuild his career, but there would be plenty of EPL and even Championship clubs that would gladly take him on."
SRS is its own breed of stupid
I mean if my hand is part of me then my hand is male too
There is a credit card option
Because not everyone's an asshole.
I've noticed.
"It's just a shame they don't realize they have it backwards... they are the tares, we are the wheat."
"Well that's good practice too, but if he's doing endos above 10 mph then he isn't applying the brakes hard enough to lock the front."
I was more for something that goes after the more blatant Skinner's boxes.
I'm sure it's all natural and above-board.
To correct this mistake I vote we change the name of the award to the Nolan Ryan Award!
"What metric's do you use to measure a ""monster salesman"" in a sex shop?"
I see what you did there.
"So there's some guy in a hut in Africa reading this and thinking ""what a backwards society this is."""
Off With Their Heads
overtrapper :P
"Yet, morons will keep voting National."
"It's already started happening at this point, this week I played the same team 3x in a row because no one else was playing trials"
"If you put all the core files in the same folder and tweak it a little it could technically become one addon, but yeah, you are right."
Looks like Gabe Newell to me.
"Jeez, that was fucking dark"
Also pulled totw Reinhart but meh
I ordered like 10 mins after it went up for Presale... There's no excuse for it taking this long
I would love to see a playoff rematch between OKC and Memphis with both teams completely healthy.
Damn you.
Wtf is a Voulube?
"we'll see, maybe he has Falcon's sort of wings, where they fold in"
"This implies Jim Sterling actually knows what he's talking about, as opposed to shitting in the wind and hoping it hits something."
I'd bet that the government would probably be more willing to torture him than actual terrorists.
"Was there for a couple hours on Saturday, fun times"
"oh no, people are doing something to increase their flow of revenue"
Your monitor matches your keyboard it's __ultrawide__
why did u take tabs lol?
is this postmodern art
*looks out the window of the liquor store he works in on the south side of town and sees the signs of 3 check cashing places* I wish I were joking.
Gotta get those page views for ad revenue somehow.
"""Zuccarell-a's Mozzerella"""
It implies negativity.
My biggest regret in life is listening to my parents and not enlisting in the Marines.
Cool
... and they wonder if STEM funding is a good use of Tax Dollars?
The oligarchy rewards it's own.
A legacy worth leaving.
"Both decisions are horrible, but right now Flash is considered bigger them the 2nd coming of Jesus, so no one seems to care about that."
"Dude I don't care what you think, swearing is downright fucked up."
As we all know the medical field gets cheaper with time....
"Not that I don't believe you, but do you have a source for this?"
Are people meant to jerk of to this kind of stuff?
Pretty sure that's the French chick from Goblet of Fire who is one of the tri(quad)- wizard competitors
perfect for the new total war.
Hahaha baas
"I don't exactly know what's holding them back from releasing the season pass maps for offline modes just yet, but they said that those will be coming as well at some point if you've bought the season pass."
Frump could build his wall at the mason dixon line then.
"As a note: The last time I saw an analysis of this; a young, smart person needs about $4M to retire."
That might be effective as well!
You skip getting to see how awful people are at doing your job.
You got to be pretty crazy to automatically go after the chick who fucked your husband rather than your cheating husband
Proper.
that winston was probably typing in chat .-.
Jean-Ralphio
I feel like it's only a matter of time before a sour 'arms race' begins and is ultimately concluded with someone literally peddling their malt vinegar as a 'sour beer.'
Everyone likes their own brand.
Are you intentionally describing the Browns?
"Lets send this one to the Mythbusters, they can wrangle up a few hundred stray cats, and throw em in that dry dock they're always at."
California is different because gas cars newer than 1976 still need to be able to pass smog/comply with BAR.
"still a Disney girl, she's the voice of Candace on Phineas and Ferb, a Disney show."
"God damn that's frightening but, not at all unexpected."
Goodbye Horses by Q Lazarus
"Naomi smiles, stretching."
You seem to differentiate between balancing the economy and balancing the races where in fact it's 2 sides of the same coin and you can't have one without the other.
Already happening!
"The ""kill yourself"" option didn't work?"
"His Monday was really, really, shitty."
"In the op 10 episodes of all time IMO, shame Kitty isn't on anymore she was a really good guest."
Fuck off
"I'm saying it is a absolute fallacy to say ""Reagan didn't raise taxes"" He raised taxes 11 times."
12 Fucking Monkeys Fucking Half Baked Home Alone Fucking
"Yeah, why should the company decide who gets to be on their payroll?"
I was expecting some Babi Yar ghost stories
"Ya, his stuff does get a little samey....disappointing about him though...."
mirror link?
"Dude, if you're a troll, you suck at it, your comment karma is positive :/"
What does this have to do with Bernie?
I would also like to know.
x can't be 0
Balance in all things
"I love that girl part, it's so harmonic"
Wait for 20 minutes and go for baron regardless of the situation
... You have given me a task for today.
gib back pl0x?
It's illegal unless the streamer is OK with you using it.
This is what I feel is happening every time some seemingly positive bill passes without much opposition.
Something similar was posted here a while ago
I'm not sure if you are aware how companies operate and jobs work.
Because that worked so well the first eight years...
How can you even tell she has abs from this pic?
I can do 89+1.
"Patrick Norton, many years ago, Systm"
'hi (;' XP
"Oh nice, thank you."
I don't get it what did he do?
Just leave it man he ain't worth it.
"Accepting bets for how long until these weapons end up in hands of ISIS or similar in ah... you know, ""battle""?"
Feels like Game One against Washington only worse.
do do do do doo doo doo
The fuck
"there is a way on YouTube to select what type of ads you get, I found it once but don't remember how"
Guy changed my life.
"Martin: "" I bel..."" ""Thank you governor."""
"If he comes back, AND leads them to the Super Bowl, in ARIZONA nonetheless, Hooooly shit."
# S E C R E T S A U C E # E # C # R # E # T # S # A # U # C # E
How many games is that?
Mechanical keyboards should survive such drink
Did you say you love the stories or do you need to say it again?
"It's not, this is cheap chinese fake off Alibaba"
trying to cover they're tiny toddler asses i see
"so late to the party lol, people are downloading the patch right now"
what genre of music do you listen to?
"Yeah, but the Stormcloaks don't let an army bent on literally destroying the world (Thalmor) stroll on the streets"
The time you will waste doing the slow methods is better spent getting the reqs for the fast mining methods.
explain for non miscers?
"Appreciate the advice man, I'll see how I look in 8 weeks or so and work from there."
Allu to faze pls
dafuq did i just read lol
LOL
"Ah, City fans and their signature stupid generalizations."
ok
Inb4 four straight turnovers
I now want to drop acid and witness this spectacle in person
Number 2 will shock you!
"Graduated last year, work with athletics"
And I can't wait to eat her pussy again!
"what exactly are you searching/looking for that you ""come across"" a picture of your cock..."
IT'S NOT EAAAASY BEING WHIIIIIIIITE ITSNOT EZZZ BEING BROOOOOWN
Clearly they arent fish if they dont roll.
So it's just as if equality was an opposite of feminism
"You suck :'( I came here for giggles, not feels"
That isn't what racism is
"While I entirely get your point, there IS a reason behind this clarification: it helps people (who were agnostic/gnostic theists in transition) strip away the last vestiges of gnostic theism."
"Weird, do you think there was a split in the time line?"
The fucking jump cuts jesus
Gundam Tassadar Demon Hunter Furion Warden Tyrande imo
They don't have unlimited plans in there.
I always thought black girls should get their weave from lions
lol
Freedom Fries!
"Uh, you're welcome haha"
I think he was better in the reno 911 movie
Meh.
How is this not anti competitive?
Is it live on NA or only PBE?
4Chan.
"You know, not having tons of meth heads running around stealing to make their shit."
SPOILERS!
Only because EA forced Microsoft to make an exception and allow that kind of server infrastructure.
Fundamentalists
I'm sure a debate has taken place on wikipedia as to whether it should have its own article or be merged into the article for the book...
Beautiful
Uh no
1v1 me NHL 16 Canadian teams only!
"Most of them would first respond with ""are you sure it's mine?"""
Let's hope it wasn't a dickpic.
It's from gyfcat...and why do you give a shit?
Correct me if I'm wrong but wouldn't a lower ASA produce a cleaner image anyway?
"Howard is like ""Welp."""
How come no one has said Loic Remy?
those tracer rounds looks like someones just off camera tossing fireworks lol.
I played titanfall on x1 and PC both felt pretty smooth for wall running and movement it's one of the things I felt respawn acts did well with the game.
LMAO RIP
It's happening!
I couldn't get a car loan because the bank said it was a bad VIN number
"You realise the author worked for Gillard and now works for a progressive think tank, right?"
Easier to live a life full of lies than to wake up to the truth.
"I've seen a lot of the list, but the one name I'll probably never get to see (other than the dead ones) is Tom Waits."
So am I.
"Yes, interested?"
Are we sure it wasn't just a Whale they covered in Tinfoil?
:(
DAE beautiful?
Ironically you have to be on drugs To think Zappa's music is good
Nope!
"i can't stand venturiantale, so annoying"
Pit
Do you live in Europe?
Fucking friends
*Shots fired*
"3 year old account, -96 comment karma."
"""Yoooooooooooo... yo wadup?!"""
I wasn't aware professional athletes wear their team jerseys to accept awards.
holy crap that shirt rules
They warned already.
You have to switch the music player to spotify in the settings menu
"I don't think he's a douche, but he seems to pretend he's one of the cool, womanizer old school blues guys when he's clearly a guitar nerd."
"looks good but feels really ""floaty"" all you gaming vets know what i mean"
So... Like the apple stores then?
let me introduce you to a downvote.
She's lost three that I can see.
Wine symbolises Jesus' blood etc.
"I thought it was going to use the 3ds camera, it's just a screen shot feature=/"
That's the funniest line I've ever seen on reddit.
Technically correct is the only kind of correct to a corgi.
The irony...
"Well, regression will happen pretty soon I'd be guessing then"
"Excluding the Palestinians (who have legitimate reason to be upset), yeah pretty much."
My only question is how do u type in global chat from that screen?
Gordon.
Hangout in my cumbox without getting flak from friends.
fingers crossed for another Alive tour in 2017
To late for some!
But but Jon.... &lt;/3
And revert back
damn wyozonaboma dropping the knowledge on me lol thanks
That's really bending the truth a bit.
Yeah that'll teach you to not sit on your hands and wait for the dark souls release date when your store already released it!
i like your style
Hyperspace drives or something that would let us travel far away.
Afraid of getting old of getting old getting old old is 75
It's only weird from an armchair.
Infinity
Pssst... it was a joke.
The 1968 of the right-wing.
How do you feel about the possibility of having sociopath children?
Your landlord should be responsible for housing you in a safe place if you are being threatened the way you say you are and they know about it.
So what did he say when you reminded him of his character flaws?
thumbnail removal
"By the time you actually get the bloodrage, it's not often actually still useful in my experience, I usually just want it for the execution - but that's just me probs"
Which you know... is why she's charged with possession and not use.
Oh and Unemployment numbers are the amount of people on unemployment subsidy and probably doesn't come close to representing the real number of working-aged people who don't have jobs.
I looked for an entry with Wolff's name in the title and didn't find it.
They are 10% more CPU intensive?
"I put beers on the wings, didn't help... :("
Look at what website that came from.
And hold up the passage of anything else.
"Congratulations, you've made 0 contributions to this discussion"
still better than the gw2 subreddit...
"literally, on the front page, right now."
"You can type random letters or words behind a link, yeah."
Dem tittays
"Let me guess, you live in the southern united states."
"Stallag and Fuegen aren't key, but they can have a strong presence in the right deck."
Would r8 8/8 m8
"Penalty nom for the following week is my guess, but we don't have a copy of the rules so... whatever production decides."
Do they have any MAGA Menorahs?
"In Kerry, Ireland, theres a puck fair, where a goat is elected ""king"""
They'd have to keep it contained in a magnetic field or the urine would melt the cup.
Is he the Arab Justin Mapp?
THE DREAM IS DEAD BOYS
Maybe he could try scuba diving.
Such brave and noble people gotta love that hypocrisy!
Sneaky cab driver strikes again!
Tell that to Zane Lowe
"But Brian Williams gets fired after one, you can't explain that!"
Each star cap wins a copy of FO4
I'd like to test as well please
Are these the ones from seed?
It's going to be peripherals for the current gen vive and HOPEFULLY new SteamVR features.
"If you fail a hasty touch, you might need that extra CP for a repair to give you more chances."
"Not really, but to be fair: No gamer I know takes them serious anyway."
I thought the funniest part was Bucky and Sam in the car.
Patient ZERO
They scare the living shit out of me
Sit in protesters basically.
"""Weak-ass"" player that is oddly in the same league as you are."
eBay
Based Nippon.
Everything Krugman writes in his column is an opinion piece with no evidence... why disregard one and not the other?
"What's HH, Horrible Histories?"
Yeah except that seat probably costs like $5k on any given playoff night.
Thats PRESIDENT TRUMP TO YOU PUNK
Based on the very detailed picture you posted I would guess that it's a rock.
blackjack
Damn you were close.
"Because this is the only place ""controversal"" topics can be discussed."
Perfect.
How is that legal?
Based on that I'm assuming that vegans hate German idioms.
You 'assume' as you see fit but training won't overcome biological differences any more than college will overcome stupidity.
He was Bowser though.
You are really overthinking this stuff and trying to hard.
"Yes, I know about 1860 and outer Manchuria"
Go away
I have really good ideas for comments and replies but I can't word things as well as the rest of you.
As have mine - thanks for the heads up!
As a Bell owner I am not liking it but whatever we'll see what happens.
You forgot the link.
LinusGhostTips?
:D
How did you go about inducing lactation?
One word: Russia
"Well, for this issue, I have the g502 mouse, and it lets me rebind the mouse buttons to be keyboard keys through the logitech control panel, maybe something similar will work for you?"
What do you look for when you are deciding on whether or not to publish a book?
"I like the hat, but it would be way cooler if the print was on the underside of the bill."
Your brain doesn't affect white blood cells.
Can't get any worse right?
r/nottheonion
"Yay, glad you like it!"
Same
Like rain on your wedding day?
"It's not grammar nazism, you are just using weird and uninformed terms"
I would give them credibility if they at least would dump their corrupt and racist founders.
more like the parent has failed in this case... lol
People are assholes.
"What's the difference between all of the sunrider games, and is there a correct order to read them in?"
Its High noon somewhere.
"afaik nothing, he retweeted a joke from saint about meteos or something random like that"
"It's also the only blizzard game that was released in a crowded genre, which also includes the biggest and 3rd biggest games right now."
As someone who is getting a motorcycle next year your making me more and more excited...
Fantastic steel.
14th amendment buddy.
I told them that last time but they said I need to sit up during it.
"Both are satisfactory, but I prefer girls."
Brad Bird's a genius turning the film going nowhere into a masterpiece
I just want to fit in
I'm busy but I promise to have it on a website before the year ends.
Lol I'm not crying
There is a loose seal
I don't have money but I can support the cause with some Facebook Likes
Explain what is going on here
"As a Hillary supporter, I think that's a fair analogy."
Lawyer up Call the Labor Dept
Nice.
What makes people think they can attempt to drive through massive amounts of water and win?
"It's been 13 years, I think you're allowed to be happy."
Who said I didn't have a big dick?
Not for the life of me sorry.
Did you ever do the quests to get access to the forums?
"""Swiggity"""
Or did the daughter borrow Mom's?
"are they the same third that adds ""this"" and ""if i don't reblog this assume i'm dead"" etc."
this sound really bad - you're just fueling the fire for republics who could give a shit about poor college kids.
"Just made me think that ""stupid America"" is the bubbles in Mormon bubble porn."
Probably some form of work release program.
The internet saw you wanted to look at pics of the GOAT but took you to the soccer one instead
It probably will at some point
"I know, it gives me the warm fuzzies"
"Sure there was, they just didn't believe in voting or leadership."
Umm...
Thanks not a fan of the series so I would never have put that together.
PG about to go off next year on great efficiently now that he has other scorers around him
ahh the old after-grog bog
I'm pretty sure we've encountered the same guy.
It's almost impossible to not prep balls anymore.
Plot twist: it's OP that is an alcoholic and he was drunk when he made that comment.
834911
This sub has been totally subverted by satanic forces that masquerade as Christianity.
"looks like the research isn't that big of a deal on alts after all, I made some alts and they're getting 2-3 day research times so far.. so at this rate my alts will probably catch up in a month"
"I believe the correct number of pieces is the number that is more than 1, but less than 3."
Yes.
Top kek
I see one daily in LR.
Lyndon B. Johnson
They say it in the beginning of the trailer but if your first language isn't english i can understand why you didn't get it.
"Soooo... 10 years, minus time for good behavior (ie: not killing her prosecutors or anyone else that crosses her) gives us riiiiiiiight about 0 years in prison."
"lol, if you think people with girlfriends that are on birthcontrol should only have sex with a condom too, you are delusional with reality."
"Hate to break it to you, but that's not a cat."
And he created them...IN HIS MIND.
90%+ of the things that happen at work
*How to Prove It* by Daniel J Velleman.
I know I'm just saying that the Nexus is right there next to where you launch the game and is fine for getting little tweaks that you like really fast.
yo its cold here im gonna get blanket
Ron Paul needs better shoes.
Name checks out.
"I'm 17 and everyone I know can at least read cursive, maybe its a cultural/location thing?"
Never saw this unique and original post before.
It looks like the hellraiser box STOP FUCKING WITH IT PLEASE [4]
"Been doing maintenance for 5 years and I've never seen a stud finder work the way it's intended to, tried about 10 of them."
Only when it's partner-assisted clothing optional hip thrusts.
"On one startup evacuation, we just shoved everything into one meeting room in the back and gave the custodian 500 bucks to dispose of it all."
The Darksword trilogy by Tracy Hickman and Maragaret Weis..
I kind of like the chemically taste.
Trophy.. when it actually works
"Oh boy, here comes our patented end-of-half soft coverage."
Aww I'll try this too
Smegma
MMMEEEEEOOOOOOOAAAGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH MOTHERFUCKER!
Raises more questions than answers.
Good point.
Dogs literally eat poop.
Thorin gotta stay fresh
David Johnson would like a word with you
How big are your wheels?
"Usually kids movies are dubbed, but just about every single series/movies/etc are subbed."
The image is from a UDS five years ago.
That wasn't a joke at all.
"Not sure if you were going for ""quite the professional"" or ""quiet professional"" op."
Little wing
Slow-mo = best mo?
It used to happen to me when I had my memory almost full.
Yeah that seems really low
I didn't know my hairy buttcheeks had so much emotion!
"Tried it once, doesn't work."
If it's not black it's gay.
SQUAAAADDDDD
"AMD saw how cute Spirit was in Life of Legends, couldnt resist sponsoring."
"Actually, it is better to eat sugary things before a meal rather than after."
Pumburkiny Semira wait a minute
"Its a cool little keep sake, something to show off to family and friends."
I only got 1 enigma chest from the weekend event and i got serqet desert queen
And nowhere in that process was he proven guilty.
Congratulations.
I've started deleting my engrams instead of going to the tower..
"Agreed, it would be nice if they increased her icicle fire rate"
"I'm hardly ever the person on the rig with the most felonies, and nobody uses real piss anymore."
Oh sure but I mean a team could lose like 2 in a row but the Bills' 4 will always be the record there
Can't wait to see Santini in a Devils jersey!
This is not a journalist.
Yeah unlike us who know that they are a football team
"I saw something in a recent post from someone who was just beginning to keep kosher, and I was wondering, why were people reluctantly saying it would be okay to have a drink from a cup or glass?"
"There's a way to do this without anything fancy, just open the kick menu through the menu memorize the order of names, leave and come back and one name will be changed and that is the hacker"
....Demon.
asians dont cry every day
I'm guessing it's Sierra's baby daddy.
You just think you can.
Science.
Pretty much any working holiday job is going to be a low paying service industry job.
This isn't just got Mac users its for anyone with access to a telnet connection.
Is your gold expired?
It was RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD
"Last time this was posted someone replied with the text ""one bitch, two bitch, dead bitch, new bitch"" so there's that."
A true team player.
oh good lord
2112 - Rush
*meese?
He looks like a confused gay leprechaun.
You guys have a baby and a house?
It lost my save entirely.
You're the opposite of sexy.
You mean Maniacs Jeep...kappa.
Isn't that exactly what AV is?
Minion draws banana
The ability to painlessly poop a nugget of gold weighing exactly 0.4395721943599235250892 grams in weight.
"That's fine - I was responding to DASmetal who kind of inferred that he was familiar, though not comfortable with, the idea of imaginary numbers."
"My favorites are, ""how nice for you"" and ""thank you for sharing."""
"Thanks a lot, you gotta be right"
"Impressive reasoning, I fully agree"
Definitely a shared flavor there if not a direct inspiration!
"Also, probably not even 60 fps."
100x more likely they have a better chance at making it outside the house than Jatalie or Nicorey
"Well, I thought that people who just solo-q, and people who use this subreddit, are at little bit different game sense and team-play level, so even if it's not 5 man, you would get better experience with them, than just randoms."
and that it supports oculus rift.
He was probably texting so he didn't realize how close he was to the rail.
Good to see some passion from the boys after going 2-0 down.
are you SURE
Count the squeegee and its 4 points.. even better.
A very convincing but of evidence as well
as its doing a series of precision clicks and executing commands?
Did you read snapchat's statement?
Sprints may last 2 weeks but that doesn't mean the project is done.
Nothing in OCE yet sadboys
"Thats very true, thanks for your input!"
"Deadbull, my Tauren DK, still stands as probably the best name that I have ever grabbed."
Woolworths shut down for good here in the UK 3/4 years ago.
"You make trinkets, then obliterate them, then sell it."
If the shoe fits...
Pssh like any of the money in the defense budget would actually go to something for active service members.
Ok thank you!
Yes there is Source: Murdered a guy at spawn
"Tartan fren, the Dougcoin would be more apt imo!"
Anyone else stare at that counter waiting for a camel to die?
He is a troll.
"Tru, goodbye"
Sexism.
Must be a wallbanger fan.
Yay doublespeak.
That's awesome
Peasant
And here I thought Florida Man was the worst superhero ever...
What percentage think he is unqualified because he is just f#@king insane?
Doesn't look like it.
Suddenly 80s.
"I also have a song: I be strokin' That's what I be doin' Uh-huh, I be strokin' I stroke it to the east And I stroke it to the west And I stroke it to the woman that I love the best I be strokin'"
Ubishit still won't care
Ja Ja Ja!
"I was gonna ask you if the carpet matches the drapes, but those pubes on your face answered my question"
looking up facts and quotes for an essay.
Where can I find one of these establishments?
Not sure if you're trolling.
"Shit if you make the top 1% when you're not going for a top time (which requires you to drive unrealistically) then congrats, you're a great Sim racer."
"No, it was Smokescreen and Hoist that you may have confused for them, at least in the group shot"
Every girls dream.
How?
"It's over half his lifetime, perspective matters."
"this *is* r/wtf, right?"
pretty sure i have a mixture from both categories.
Can you come by so I can open a beer on your edge.
Nice Clock you made
"That was a pretty nice play, especially the timing on the ult."
"Nana is common here in the US as well, apparently the surname is common in west Africa."
\^This
"These are all from July 2013, so even before last season had started."
They could fix the mechanic so people don't just randomly get banned for stumbling upon it?
Murray's defense is _immense_.
It really just differs on a school to school basis.
"Except it's ridiculous to compare Obama to trump, I forgot when Obama talked about grabbing pussy, this false equivalence of candidates"
What?
makes me think of when i played runescape as a little kid and i changed my cursor into a godsword.
sandshrew?
no
"America, where ""black lives matter"" is a controversial statement."
"Also note, part 1."
"It is not that rich and poor people exist that is the issue, it is that the chances of becoming rich are shrinking."
they're*
wat
No
Austin Furniture Depot is pretty reasonable with a decent selection of some meh stuff and some cool stuff
All the women I've been attracted to are a lot like my mom and sister.
PITCHFORK TIME
Have you ever heard of a Donkey Show?
The kurds are pretty cool through
Everything south of the border is Mexico
Said no one.
Saints did cheat though.
THIS MADE ME SAD.
Can't have a QB who throws droppable balls.
You mean that day for people who smoke pot to smoke more pot?
"If you are a big guy you might be very strong and hurt your opponents, asses on how much damage you cause with your hits and ask them how they feel."
I voted
Looks more like it says Kant &lt;3 xox ...does xoxox not mean hugs &amp; kisses there?
"Yep, Steam only showing VAC-related bans"
"Hey, stop being racist against drunk drivers, drug users and people who order jailhouse beatings."
I hear they also visited a country that use to be under nazi rule.
Holy shit you drive a hundai lol
I'm 90 percent sure I was walking by as this picture was taken.
What did Jesus peace be upon him have anything to do with it?
that car is a lot bigger than i thought.
I agree with this one have played 110 hours of it
R/Politics so salty
"Sex, I'm guessing."
those are some big feet.
"any evidence you could find would be purely statistical and irrelevant its primarily a confidence issue and lol at ""blatant sexism"" do you seriously think i would say that because i had a problem with women in general or because its something that i and many others (enough others that it becomes a stereotype) notice on an almost daily basis please"
"No diagram,hard to understand"
"I once got banned for using the dummy glitch in halo 2 matchmaking, couldn't stop laughing."
"It's not a login button, it's a disguised advertisement."
Don't be silly - everyone knows it's impossible to not use jQuery.
Okee dokee then
What does that mean?
"While it's true that the majority of BCAS Paramedics get no form of medical coverage (including paying our MSP), this article is very confusing..."
And if no rebels were killed as well!
"He wants me to touch you, Sam."
"Halo, It'l always be Halo"
Tower Records Namba
"I've never seen anything quite like a Tim's line, except maybe the line at the Czech Stop Bakery in West, Texas."
Yeah because we don't have to worry about the feels and whether we have the ability toucan.
"Even if you somehow missed that heat rises in elementary school science, you literally just have to take a physical look at the flame to see it's going up and having your thumb above it is a poor choice."
There are still some around town here in Toronto.
mid 87
"It's not an illegal turn, it's called a kipping turn."
I can't wait to tell her...... I shower NAKed.
At least now they do have quite a lot of time to prepare for visas...
Because the RX 480 is cheaper and has identical performance with the 1060 but beats the 1060 in DirectX 12
More voice acting would be great so I don't hear the same lines over and over again
Maybe he wanted to catch the shark?
Gibe de Busi p0ss!
Never does.
I heard he put a girl in a wheelchair just by making love to her
"absolutly, but what's the benefit for the train company if they're not providing the service for people wanting signal ?"
Detroit faces north of Canada
"The others skins say ""Bathe in the glow"" at the same volume, you only realized the Ramerica one because of that luscious voice."
This is the best compliment :D
"GRRM phonebanking: ""Listen, if you vote for Hillary Clinton I'll tell you how it ends."""
"Those eyes scream ""multiple divorces""."
"That orange yolk, though."
"If I remember correctly, he wanted to do a psychological horror about how the town of Haddonfield was dealing with the tragedy of Michael Myers."
"What difference, at this point, does it make?"
Good job on the dimension cuts and lining it up... can't say I've seen many get this close...
That was clearly all a ruse in order to build up their confidence.
"I was born in America that makes me native American right, right?"
LeBron because he's LeBron
"Well, if your ""basket"" is maybe a euphemism (he was using this word to basically mean a metaphor the other day) for your stomach, a straight line drive to the gut in baseball could *literally* kill you."
You may want to ask that question about Russia as well.
White wine + coca cola @ 50/50
We're everywhere.
What 3 drop trades instantly with a 3/2 and leaves a 2/1 on the board?
To overclock you need Z170 motherboard.
Woodstock
Some are 40 and used to use deano to slay mass pussy
He wouldn't even have gotten in the box if it was Atleti playing.
I'm always late.
"The way you draw fur is fantastic, I love your style."
"Learn to discipline yourself, not to motivate yourself."
I'll pitch in a few quid for this flame thrower.
Toxic Feminity.
"Oh no, and this will prevent that of course!"
"""It's not racism"" --You, not making a claim."
I think this one is both great and creepy!
Too bad BF4 is still unplayable.
"Trump's numbers, if you were to play his numbers instead of McCain back in 2012, would have beat Obama."
Yep
Congratulations pal.
Don't forget about the bee episode Barry: I'm the fastest man alive *Can't outrun mechanical bees*
THE LEGEND
^^^^in-vr
I fucking hate haunted houses.
You could use the factory to make robots to mine aluminum.
How's about no.
And they never will!
"You can hear a pin drop at Clinton HQ event, people are leaving!"
Arma 3 and Elite Dangerous are pretty good if you have buddies.
"Answers: 1)none of your business 2)none of your business 3)none of your business 4)none of your business 5)no 6)no 7)no 8)no 9)no 10)no 11)no 12)no 13)no 14)no 15)no 16)no 17)no 18)no 19)no 20)no Then if he persists, send ALL the angry Pepe memes"
Mida Multi-Tool
What direction should the agency have taken in your opinion?
Real men use V8s... as fuel pumps!
LOUD NOISES!
"I'm gullible, but not that gullible."
Not a single Russian will be left alive and Russia has no starwars shield.
"Good point, you can always put a stem/base on it without changing the relevant properties."
"Only thing I ever got was the 017 ""Tastemakers"" video..,"
"Oh right so the sexism is her being treated differently than her male colleagues, I thought you were saying the sexism was her being called a bitch"
"Good point - if he can turn my tap water into wine as it flows from the faucet, he can stay rent-free."
What a bk randy
I thought they were plain donuts.
"This is on the same level of stupidity like "" learning to love my flaws"" and ""if you can't handle me at my worst thenyou don't deserve me at my best""."
"I am quite certain the majority of people who think they will survive an apocalypse, zombie or otherwise, are the very people who will not survive any apocalypse."
That's adorable
The opposite of 90's small.
Hard to convey sarcasm over the Internet
"After this, Patchouli learned a very valuable lesson: don't drink any potions made by Marisa."
The Clinton's have invested heavily in private prisons...oh the irony.
"Awesome, thank you."
This title confused me far too much for a little while.
The announcer is almost worth reliving the loss.
"Where ""offends"" = ""most likely to kill me""?"
"Or you know, just give the guards Jailer's Judgment ashran skill"
Zaraki isn't as fast as Ichigo.
93 vs 91 in California.
so do you think curry is a better fit next to Durant over someone like cp3?
r/politics
"go to your inventory then press R2 (that's on ps4, could be RT depending on PC/Xbox one controller)"
Redundant systems?
"Bibbs is your next lottery stash, Turbin is your deeper league ""need a starter"" add."
Someone else threw the bone and convinced this guy that he didn't have to pay his taxes...
"Not much, unless they want to hang me for watching the Republican debate."
"Does it just impact the starting system, or the surrounding ones too?"
And this is why consoles are a thing
"It's a joke about John cena, jeez guys."
SS3 lowkey best project 2016.
Customers never respect stores closing It is always about what they want Most have no clue how that second can totally throw off a closing shift and they really don't care :/
"I love the names...Jose Barista, Edwin Incarceration, Rod Dickley, Roberta Bondar.......I can't stop laughing"
"Different countries, different laws."
"A shovel, garbage bags, and condoms."
Really rather shocked to read this as lived 2 years in Waiuku and confused and cross as to what mental and legal gymnastics are required to result in the non sentence given this creature.. have signed petition.
"All with the power of DDP YOGA and if you want to try DDP YOGA, be sure to put in the promo code Jericho!"
"The difference being Im not Jesus and nor is Michael Voris, as much as he wishes he was."
Not sure but these are grate cheese puns!
Quando comincerete a reagire?
"They're rough, if you're looking to put some work into it I bet you could make yourself a really nice gun."
"Mainly: No new maps, no new enemy types, no new objective types, no new gameplay mechanics."
"yeah, trump isnt part of the elites or anything."
What about the Nashua branch?
This will be the first time I have ever seen someone say diebuster is better than gunbuster.
"No, medics should just always be balanced."
Asian how to basic
What's that in the sky?
I still love Diner Dash after all these years
haha Staal thuggin in the zamboni!
yes.
"I love Korean food, but Korean ramyeon is seriously shit in comparison to the Japanese variety."
A pet rock?
Welcome to the Hunter's Barrage life :)
"ryanair, aer lingus etc will have you covered"
Plus whenever you bring up numbers they just claim it's because of CJ.
Does it really matter?
"No, turns out they're just regular guys with problems and families and stuff."
Very serious.. So lets punish the driver instead of the team.
"He's also ""an American YouTube personality, vlogger, actor and rapper [and] a prankster..."" but I don't see you mentioning that."
From Cali; love Twin Cities music scene (for some decade).
SAYS THE GUY WITH POKEMON AND WEED REFERENCES IN HIS USERNAME.
"Instead of just voting, why not help start a discussion on the topic?"
"It's been said that the fourth, bottom slot is multiplayer."
"I absolutely loved that issue, and that moment in particular, but it has nothing to do with the DC movies and doesn't belong here."
"A knowledgeable attention whore, which is a good thing when people are looking for information."
Damn that is eye-opening.
#HotCheetos
"Hmu with a link, I'll sacrifice myself if need be."
Hahaha..haha....ha....:(
Yea i made a mistake thanks for the correction :D
"I thought this as well, but OP was actually out of fuel."
reminds me of pollock
7845
"Us ""conspiracy freaks"" may just be rationally minded people sometimes..."
MFW Battlefield has become Call of Duty
"Cool fedora, bro."
More people die falling down stairs than from suicide?
TIE fighter.
"The feeling you get when you realize it's not your local subway, immeasurable"
Mmmm....Double Deeeeeeeee...
I get the joke.
Do third eye with flashing strobos
3 K's
I ask because they are part of a 9 person pathfind group who is planning on splitting up because the group is to large.
"Most angry sentinel planets seem to have gravitino balls, whether listed or not."
"""One more turn"" AKA ""Screw space, I haven't finished conquering all the other nations yet."""
"I love the pikmin, still looking for the potted ones"
You should try charging your phone.
This kind of conspiracy theory just shows how terrified the left is of The Donald
damn cats intruding on a dog party!
"Leaving is leaving, no matter the reason."
"Maybe in the liver, maybe in the kidneys... maybe even in the colon."
Everything just got faster for some reason...
Pigeon on a chessboard
I had something for this...
"You look like midway through your barber just said ""fuck this shit"" and dropped his razor."
Sick ride bro bump
"Looks like she's employing actual logic, as well as dedication and willpower."
Judo chop!
Religion poisons everything.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
I see Tim uses the iPhone 9
Was waiting for that reference to get called out... ;)
"watch the ""Bullshit"" episode on recycling."
I wish my life was as exciting as your belt's.
(((((
I think that was the plan from the beginning as well :|
"I saved this, to read later... Shit."
All of them if you don't get enough physical activity .
"by that argument, pretty much everyone who had a job before google was better...?"
"It's not quirky if only obnoxious assholes correct people on that, the correct word is douchey."
I stand corrected.
"(im not sure on the exact figure) but i know that in Japan they pay their wrestlers pretty well (not WWE well, but still pretty good)"
"Riiiight, the damn Reddit machine is broken, not the thousands of highly informed people that happen to read political articles online instead of the boob-tube that are upvoting?"
Yes please
"As a black, transsexual, lion-loving, Muslim, gay, dildo-taking, pro-whatever the fuck is convenient, politically involved person, I find this offensive."
Either way it would create a hostile work environment
Neat.
He also didn't ask if one was legal or illegal yet that's the answer you gave.
!remindme 12 years
"a few years ago my brother found a picture of my grandma when she was 22, and she look to be wearing almost short shorts and a tank top, and I'll admit she was hot as hell, it was weird I just never imagined my grandma to be young and attractive."
You mean exchanges didn't disable nxt deposits and withdrawals?
jak the fourth
Think cloak&amp;mwd only it's cloak and mjfg
Amount the FPS dropped by?
Choosing/not choosing to make another human being that you're responsible for for 18 years is *definitely* the biggest decision that you'll ever make.
This is the most relatable thing for me on this sub.
Name one.
"Ik twijfel tussen ""Balthasar Gerards"" en ""staatsgezinde""."
red carpet of course =)
Okay.
then you didn't live long enough.
"I meant they were denying any rumors of a potential movie, rumors of which were started by the Concords themselves."
What you think about Yasuo?
Yeah he will.
"Simulant is more than likely a hidden slot, but from what I can tell, there is a slot for a Pulse Rifle, No Time To Explain I hope, and two other specials, so I really don't know what to think at this point"
"As someone from Kansas City, this is the most stereotypical perspective of our state that could get broadcast nationally."
I would argue the obvious Tupac being a much greater influence to Kendrick.
Big men FT%s would go from like 60% to 30%
"And now we have four, what's your point?"
Just a shout out to a fellow Minnesotent.
"Maybe but what's more likely is that she'll get in office, become more ill, and her VP will step in and if she doesn't get better become president."
"Might not have had the time, the crew has gotten back together just days earlier and have been through one crazy situation after another."
debt
"Ah, you mean the woman who nearly killed a bunch of people by aiming a fully-loaded AK-47 at them, *with her finger on the trigger*"
"To be honest, if any hypercarry gets a free lane and doesn't stomp the game they did something seriously wrong."
This past april I believe.
Because everyone who has these are next in line
I can really ask anything?
Thanks all!
I guess because we both know you have no idea.
"I dunno, they're both made out of cheap plastic that creaks when you squeeze it"
League of Bugssss
"Hopefully with Chavis at the helm on defense, games won't be won and lost by our kicker, but who knows."
Then what would that make the african team?
You ever seen Gabriel Iglesias?
"I only have half that amount of hours, but to me it was worth it."
that's how you get claim throat
I'm sure the FBI or cia may have done bigger
"""You will cry on Reddit."""
Please send my regards to your dad.
If she KNEW it was coming... Telepathy would be the only way to know before hand...
Thank god.
Poverty in America is just plain sad :(
"Lol, nope, his TV has our ps3 hooked up."
"I have 3 close gay friends, one black, one white, and one Japanese - so not seeing this one ;)"
"What are your plans regarding your latest status, celocanth3?"
I wonder the same thing
I kept coming up with comments... but... i can't even.
Release the dams
XD XD XD
Stumped Trump
"A great tit, indeed"
just check my one drive
"I haven't known them for that long, but they were something I knew existed......"
Can I use wax paper to collect the spore print?
oh
Original never posted on this sub before content (Mods start clearing repost material please)
Cool video!
"Sorry, it's true though."
I really fancy a pea fritter though?
Who?
"Catmom, batdad, and robins."
I don't think shitty memes on the Internet defend our fucking freedom grandma.
**TRUMP**
My question is: What do you use to hold the phone?
If it is just those 2 it's definitely time to disable them until they fix it.
Well Colin Farrell's character wasn't totally sociopathic IIRC
Dingleberry!
so how do I target the mothership so we can get rid of all the interceptors at once instead of one at a time?
You miscounted....
Did they meet the climate change target the same way they solved the budget crisis?
I selected answers by random and got a score of 200.
I'M STILL ALIVE!
I guess my advice applied retroactively.
"Wait a minute, you mean that stupid actions actually have consequences?"
People have said they have bad caps that fail but I haven't had an issue with the CX500M.
"Nothing to hide, nothing to fear eh?"
I buy one every time I'm alone in the house for awhile.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck no
What?
He who must not be named
Press conference that just took place.
"I've seen it both as Kenpo and Kempo, I prefer the first."
Gray
nostalrius
"hamburger refers to the city of hamburg, not the meat ham"
Everything is great about Toronto except the traffic.
I painted mine black and added a pushbar
"Bought my car used, most likely used as a rental car, it has a keyless/push button ignition and even has a bunch of these scrape lines in the same spot."
I've heard Evra has a pretty out there taste in music
"But, homeless in Hawaii."
Thank you very much
I were also referring to the other products
That look of shame in her eye
Big buck Hunter for me.
"Man, when people bring out the ""you're a child"" cookie cutter condescending responses, regardless of the context, it makes me cringe."
"so i guess what OP is going for is that if you expose the kid to monsters at an early age, then he won't realize they're monsters... brilliant, brilliant."
It's like looking at my Grandma's taskbar!
"It's egg and salmon, right?"
Your mom's pussy.
"Odell with Stafford, mmm"
Gustavsson at 1.85 is pretty good.
And the impending future of driverless cars.
"Account age : 17m Subreddits posted in: r/GirlsOfMinecraft, r/Minecraft Thats just sad..."
"It's like you just pitched a perfect game, but with your wallet."
Che tristezza buttarla sui soldi per tutto
So how's all that crippling anxiety working for you?
The chat's so disappointing; dota2 needs to brush up on their RS memes.
"OP, did you ask the parents of that kid before posting a pic?"
Simmer down kid and use some punctuations.
"That sounds plausible, but silly writing sounds equally plausible."
hi luke
Damn right.
TNA just signed a ~~talented~~ woman.
Great opinion.
Yeah remember how Halo 4 completely copied killstreaks or Halo 5's movement is identical to Advanced Warfare?
"Got a lucky coin on my second pirate invasion, didn't even realize how rare it was until much later"
It's supposed to have angry eyebrows
If I still had contacts from my days at Nortel it would have pleased me to send him one.
"No, the moral is know your rights and exercise them."
Hmm that would be funny if he tipped off the 322
"He's not not white, that's how."
Lol username checks out
"Well, he's a banker now so let's hope so."
"3 snipers, a Mei, 2 Gengis with no healer or tank on Attack seems like a 1/10 to me"
enjoy your FBI raid
The attacker was reported to be a member of the Blue Lives Matter terrorist organization.
That dog aged really well.
I'm not 15 and I'm not rating comments like an idiot
Kitchen looks nice too!
Stuff like veils etc are not religious they are tools designed to dehumanise and oppress and she's brainwashed I can't believe people support this bullshit
yeah
"I do not see us sweeping Alabama on the road, but here's to hoping."
"maybe you should live up to your name and stay silent on this topic, because you clearly know nothing."
"Smash ground, collect kills"
Right - I'm pointing out the scale.
Those are just word salad to me.
Haha 8-6
"Good, how else can we tell if they have filed down teeth, and have been turned to the Shadow?"
Low Profile tires are expensive as fuck... Sounds pretty pro to me...
FUCK
"My one rule: Don't use chemicals to deal with my emotions, problems, fears, worries, etc."
"When I walk in to order, they seem to serve the drive through customers ahead of the walk in ones."
"Thanks for your brilliant insights there, chief."
"And while that's fair, you'd think an omnipotent, omnibenevolent god would be capable of making a convincing argument for total abolition if he wanted to."
"Libertarian, so yes."
Paul Blart: Mall Cop really helped me through the loss of my first sandwich.
Why are you on a sub for a game you don't even play then?
nice maymay
Can I have a steam key for it please?
"A little of column A, a little of column B."
"I only party, I've never read a book in my life."
Probably the most beautiful thing I have seen on this sub.
"Okay, a little more understandable now that I know some details."
"I like Marquez, seems like great dedication on ST and he also used to pop up everyone now and then with a catch on 3rd down that moved the chains."
Barely pinged for me.
everyone's got imaginary earmuffs on and some serious tunnel vision going on.
IS blowing up the nuke train
Like a bats
Yep... that's a cheerful message.
Any news on Hightower?
aww-grammar it's only funny if you saw it out loud.
They are pissed they wasted $3 million on a car that was fastest for only 1 week.
It makes me sleepy the first couple of days.
"There's not enough upvotes in the world for you, good sir/ma'am."
Creeps will twist anything into sexualized discussion if at all possible.
Have a talk with Mark Zuckerberg
The Nazis where just doing their jobs.
"Thank you, God bless"
"I've got a .50 cal sniper with burning, but I'd rather have the additional projectile laser musket, that thing would wreck face with 6 charges."
Best stat to come out this will be the team he has faced most often without scoring against.
No.
Hedman
Apart from MPs.
"He is a ""bootstrappy"" guy."
Is Paul Ryan putting out his own propaganda now because he is afraid he is going to get voted out for being a turncoat?
He already has his first achievement so we know he'll go places in life
"Probably the server crashed, same thing happened to me once."
"If so, give him a red Swingline stapler to appease him."
Windows 10 universal apps: Run the same apps on your computer with an adapted ui.
Wasn't this the knock on George Soros as well?
91X has been playing a lot more pop lately
"afaik, the +5 occult too, yes?"
INTP
"OK, thank you!"
And incredibly worried
I am studying abroad in prague and at my university we have a building that alone has 6-10 of them.
I can't believe that many people showed up to a Tim Kaine rally.
Checked my trophies and it shows what % of people have it under it.
Could you imagine Simmons if the Harden wins a ring and the Thunder don't?
He pleaded down to avoid trial.
I can't belive someone gave you gold for this childish comment.
"Yes, was too easy and quit for a real game."
What if A&amp;M actually focused on conditioning for the 2011 season?
I tried that but I'll give it another go this afternoon
At that price it won't matter.
Read up on his childhood
and you get after the delay the recoil and then is the projectile actualy leaving the rifle.
I have virgin ears.
just be sure not to inflate the upvotes like a pufferfish
"I think it would be bad for teachers, the architects of the minds of our nations youth, to imply that something is bad just because it's illegal."
So that's what Aunt means
Please be a troll.
Israel says thank you and good bye.
Ramsay Bolton from GoT
IT ^IS ^^THE ^^^PC!
Because something needs to be creative before it is a valid point or reason to disregard his opinion...
not usually from a phone on the default phone email client
"My new DJ name is now ""L I P I D. R A F T. """
"I also like ""Into the Mystic"" and ""Sweet Thing""!"
This is what it feels like when you use the laser attack in Bayonetta as well.
Not enough badges
Man I like discs :( I like having things displayed on a shelf.
He has returned
she told me that she didn't find me physically attractive lol but my personality
Can't quite tell if Quebec's eyes are hearts or red daggers...
Around 78k viewing the right side stream on Donald's facebook.
SSR Goku Black hits for 1.4m damage.
Fun fact: the girl that he was playing with in this video (bluetea) went on to leak his dick pics on the internet.
Tootsie Roll
But only those approved by facebook can join.
Reminder
"I named mine ""Beaches"" because it's a bootleg peaches"
Magicka wins for me
Dont call it Cyber..
Same so far.
such bravery much internet edge wow
You bet your ass we are
"Every other human female too, more or less."
YES ITS NOT US ANYMORE
S
"I think it's worth seeing again regardless, but if it's different a bit each time, I'll prioritize it."
What kick I didn't see it in the weigh ins
Do you know what an overdose is?
"I got a finja from a pack, but I have no good murlocs, so it's basically just waiting for me to open some Warleaders."
We should all be working glorious manufacturing and construction jobs!
I assume with body parts and the uniform showing in the same picture.
"They're a bit pricier, but the performance boost is worth it for me :p"
"I always thought that Winston and Tracer were together, maybe Blizzard isn't open to these kinds of relationships..."
Chan's newest factory that's just been getting into high-tier reps
Yoko is no stranger to the piano I'm sure she will keep the tradition strong
"That's the beauty of it - we can all have different opinions and, to many, Walt was very much a likeable villain."
"A quick google image search on ""two tone wooden dog dish holder"" shows it's been done a few times."
"can confirm, live in Wyoming."
No it's because of that piece of shit gamebyro engine if Bethesda uses that crap in their new games I will not buy them.
WE DID IT REDDIT!
So naive.
That was a cringeworthy performance from the interviewer.
somebody being stabbed to death is hilarious?
great shooting
"If we don't blow each other up, that is."
Totally get it
Repost this to r/TalesFromThePizzaGuy
Ineffable.
"It's not, the optimal rotation right now is stacking crit and spamming chaos strike."
I must admit this interpretation is really nice interpretation and really good way to see a god that is love....
"It took me too long to figure out why bees might be attracted to the truck carrying beer, which crashed."
but what ifi have social issues and dont want to go to the store?
"Further up on the thread there is an example of a LOL pro who uses a trackball, and I think there was a semi-pro q3 pro with a trackball as well"
If by speed they mean meth then yeah I think that's a felony.
That comment sounds like summer to me
Because you left for PayPal?
Free Cascadia when?
yes I would.
"I like Tate, but take that with a grain of salt knowing i'm a Charger fan"
Hilarious f bomb laden rant
"If Claire gets diagnosed with early onset Parkinson's, I would drop my tendies so hard"
It should be: I challenge THEE to a duel
"I don't really have any suggestions for what to change, I was just wondering if he is allowed to make changes."
"Don't get a Blue Yeti, they are overrated."
Isn't that exactly what NC-17 means?
"Sorry Pedro, no one will vote for you."
Jesus Christ Chance.
"We're I unwed, I would take you in a manly fashion!"
Seymour thought the same thing about Fry.
"You are a bad person, and you should feel bad."
"The government owes money to a few companies, tens of billions of dollars"
totally going there before i go back to college lol
OP obviously lives with his parents.... Or they'd know these things are pricey as shit doe
HR going back to my never bet list lol...
Send the details in pm.
And then got blowjobs later on by his mom?
"More like, they can see spirits that fuck with them."
We're talking about the largest group of completely honest solipsists on the internet here
IT CAN BE AND IT WILL BE!
"Ouch, playing for the Twins, that has to hurt."
What does the error message say?
"Because if the US was invaded, I would say, ""oh thank god for these saviors who destroyed my government and country""."
"Probably not, seems like a piece of shit"
About 20 bucks
What about corroision of steel nibs from Iron Gall inks?
Speak for yourself.
A laughing duck.
When reality seems like a Kurt Vonnegut novel
"You're noting dreadscale but i wish i had dreadscale right now, seems like the only hunter legendary besides savannah that's worth it"
not smoking crack and driving drunk?
Hmm I might sell my i5 4670k and get a i7 but idk if it would be worth it...
Nope.
Rallos Zek or nothing!
Now you guys know how I feel when I lose my glasses.
You can also tap right click to rotate 45 degrees I think
This is why platform exclusives are a poison to the entire community.
hell yeah bro get some
"except kanye, 2016 can get him, there's still time."
"In XJ9's playbook, yes it is."
"True, it does not mention Sanders... but Trump supporters don't have time to vandalize bathroom stalls lolol &lt;--- that's starting shit :P"
ZING
That's massively slow.
You can get it at PH
The words you are looking for are: idiot savant.
No
Boggles the mind that the F1 is nearly a quarter of a century old and can still hold its own.
"although i make much less, i do the same thing"
"Pretty much what I have been saying here in reddit and what CIG has said in the past, but I guess it needed to be said again."
ANJUNAFAM ASSEMBLE
Colonel Sanders is to chickens what Hitler was to Jews really...
Cum of the earth
"Really good, she smells nice and is a good hugger :) I should have gone for the kiss, however"
Matt Szczur
What is it with old people and their mud fetish?
"If you have played no more than one copy of a card this game, add a copy of each to your deck."
da souf shall rise
MFW I main deck mind crush on a whim at a tcg player tournament; end up beating 2 exodia players with that card alone.
"""Tonight, a story about a group of Americans you've likely never heard of..."" I feel kind of silly right now."
When your split personality falls in love with you.
Why in the blue hell is that a thing?
You have till Thursday morning to apply.
"That really should be the passive for all the elemental frames, including Chroma, Frost already has it"
McConnell has perfectly good explanation saying that Reagan wasn't black.
Ruckus on 15th and Republican on Capitol Hill has been consistently awesome.
"with that flair, I'm not surprised to see that statement"
"The gym is just one way to be fit, i think those people have trouble getting any exercise because gym is one of the easiest!"
"I hated 2001, but loved Moon."
So why has my network blocked your dodgy url as a virus/dangerous site
Photographers: Luigi Murenu &amp; Iango Henzi Stylist: Deborah Afshani Hair: Luigi Murenu Make-up: Virginia Young
"They tried, though - remember ""Senor Sack""?"
Lol
"Hey Germany, when you fix the rape problem you have and the police constantly covering it up, maybe I'll take you more seriously on who is not the 'moral' choice to vote for."
Washington just didn't get as high as Jerome Simpson did.
I seem to get killed by the Sparrow at least once a game
Stop playing ball so much.
This wouldn't have happened if he had Homer's everything's okay alarm.
Cod4 old school mode...
Illuminati confirmed
"When I see a ""Calvin peeing on a school logo"" sticker, I immediately think ""I hope a tiger mauls that person."""
"Well, there are a few reasons why I personally believe that this cannot be the case (the universe appears to be contingent being the major one), there is no logical reason per se which implies this could not be the case."
How did you drink fertilizer water for a month without noticing?
I just saw one of those in JFK Sunday.
I really enjoyed Rollins vs Reigns at MITB 2016 mainly just because of the outcome.
Being a Jaguars fan is a lot better than staying a Browns fan when they were recreated.
Love this guy.
I thought GTRs were 4 wheel drive?
"Well, abortions are free, so."
"I have a feeling it will be a lot of foil packets and small ampules, and leftovers from 500 point perks."
Miner!
Dayummm casinos and strip clubs too please
"Interestingly, these guys have realized that they need 3 people to lift it over a railing, and yet believe that they only need two less athletic people to catch it."
That's not how the internet works grandpa.
?
I Agree This Sounds Exact
Rosie O'Donnell's neighbors should think about moving.
"On it, boss."
Funny how everyone thinks it's terrible when these idiots disrupt a Democrat.
Delete them within 24 hours if you don't own the original game.
Be sure you update us when you see yourself as a kid run back into his home after he gives you an uneasy look.
I really enjoyed Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
"Obviously he did the most reasonable and compassionate thing possible, he let her kill herself."
BUT THEN PEOPLE WILL COMPLAIN THAT THEY WANT PACKS AND NOT CARDBACKS :(
I should watch more PTL
OG Attack Heli right here!
"Yeah man, it's a beautiful place to live"
No because if you are a good player you choose your skill depending on certain things on happening in your game.
Scarcity.
Yeah... About that...
In which case he shouldn't have continued dating her and married her given that she had this dog the entire time.
Can't these people fucking enjoy anything?
This..
Ganon already is best!
May I ask where you go for your permanent mix cookies?
I think I feel more acrophobia looking at that picture than that kitten feels sitting there.
Use the correct markings so people don't have to see skin spam please.
"The fact that he's not wearing pants or underwear kind of rules that out (but yes, I was waiting for this to be somehow not actually what it looks like too)"
Thank you
It happened long before that on ships over $85 with the Herald's concept sale.
That was one hell of a hand job you gave him.
Always more upvotes for Cake
"just moved here, can't wait to check the place out on gamedays"
Semphis mastermind LUL
"Don't be scared, homie."
sadfrog.jpg
And here you are with blatant racism.
I wonder what new insane thing he will say today.
Just listened through &amp; it made me feel happy.
Gods speed
You could always make a cup of each and then mix them together.
I can't wait to play Campbell
Angus Mckenzie and the legion of superfriends is loving this set!
she
Shrooms
"You haven't even met ""thorough"" or ""throughout"" yet."
"I hope all the bad things in life happen to you, and nobody but you."
U wot m8 dont call me a coon ill smash ur fukin hed in sware on me mum
It clearly failed in India
You might even say the high likelihood of punishment is prevention.
Yeah they're supporting pushers pushing it to more people though which strengthens every other aspect of their organization sooo you're a godless immoral being.
It sounds like he doesn't have any female friends at all besides on Facebook probably
No one's perfect....the ultimate Mormon excuse to explain away all the bullshit stories told by a con man to gullible people.
"If we only have rockets, it'll be a lot longer than 4 years."
"""consider it taken care of!"""
"Karazhan aotc, get at me bruh :^)"
Wouldn't it be possible to contact Blizzard and ask them to switch from US to EU once you've activated the game?
I'm pretty sure we love HxH but people are gonna get salty about the not liking good anime part.
"Okay, I'm on a US server but I have a 70 dwarf shaman I could play sometime."
Boggs for prez?
"Every other poll has Trump go down during this period, this poll has Clinton go down and Trump go up one point."
"He didn't need to destroy it though, only release the filters from their chambers and that was it."
Love the pre-diabetes idea.
I hope they win the Little Miss Sunshine Contest.
"I mean, both Bush's did the same."
ONE SIMPLE TRICK!
go on SD
"couldn't see red signs before, could you drop a white sign instead"
"Does Doctors without Borders ask for weapons in exchange, as Hamas is?"
Mediocre is being generous.
"Yeah, Moroz should have been a mid 3rd round pick instead of being taken 32nd overall."
Hypnotizing...
The trick is to perform enough mental gymnastics to win a gold medal in bullshitting yourself.
People have no shame anymore and feel free to act like young children.
"Yeah, if you see my other comments I become aware of it too."
I just hope this relationships moves beyond Smash and into Nintendo's home consoles.
New holos sells any amount just charges a lot when you order small quantities.
Would you say he's better than Chipper or Prime Longoria?
Joe Lauzon
"Not so much a slut, more of a flirt (some would argue the opposite though)."
"Good for you, sounds like you're making good decisions now."
"I do, I just don't condone it ;)"
"Breaking News : Isis to recruit Liverpool fans, as they are practically immortal at this point."
Your point being?
that third one is adorable.
"Their reasoning for removing ""back"" as an option was to reinforce Android design guidelines by forcing you to use the back button."
Wasn't he a vegetarian?
Fuck KD.
My cc does it
"He's gotta clear some of these players out to bring in Reus, right?"
DnBiC!
Bingo
"I typically defend the laughing scene, its every other scene of his that bugs me, but he's still not as annoying as wakka"
*Stares like a Kangaroo caught in headlights* What?
"Wow, refreshing to see the human side of the migration outside of news articles and headlines."
"Kids are just so hateable, though."
"Why not leave autosave up, but make daily backups?"
Two guys hang out in a city.
LOLONGO BEE-ESS-KA EUROPEANS
"Jumper, always Jumper for me."
I'm not sure why she was there at all - it sounded like the interviewer knew both languages
They extend this show with absolute turd filler
"Rise up, Pupper."
That's beautiful.
"Ahaha, I got an m4a1s knight factory new!"
ITT: USE CONDOMS...
"Had fun re-tabulating the same numbers, didn't you ?"
"Judging by how he's simply sleeping in moria, and aside from gothmog there is no real evidence that balrogs had any tactical value aside from weapons I think if the balrog hadn't pulled gandalf down it simply would have slunk off to be dealt with in whatever time the elves saw fit."
"We just made an offer for a house up here, it was a hell of a lot less than $600,000.00 though."
What specific things did Clinton do to inspire the nation to greatness?
Reddit.
Can MTO come out to Alberta and teach companies out here how to clear the roads in good time?
"If that were true, it must feel deflating."
"""provide a living wage for female refugee artisans"" I though I was already doing that when I buy pinatas and tamales from the illegal alien who cleans our offices?"
Balen... Welke opleiding?
"The signs say you may not go into thwe other direction, but look at that car on the right in the background."
You usher one into Leinster House and barricade the doors.
Am I alone in this?
"Me too, i'm just glad that my home computer isnt experiencing the same problem."
"I'm going to assume either a vpn with vdragonmpc entered in the username or a remote support program that says ""You are now working with vdragonmpc"""
"You can feel the keys, it's got haptic feedback."
Literally adding that to my shopping list right now.
Excellent article that summarizes things well
"*Kid school FTFY, because girls and boys can both enjoy being rough and tumble, playing in the mud, running, etc."
They are saying the police officer is holding the camera.
Hows the weather in Moscow?
"Yes, you're right."
"None of the options worked, so I installed MultiWall which was fairly straightforward"
He's a consistent liar but this one is so obviously a lie.
"I know people like to shit on the Call of Duty stories, but WaW and Black Ops 1 were pretty good IMO"
Wet Sand
i don't think destroyer is a newcomer is he?
"Coming over here, shagging our sheep"
Love the username.
Internal trade routes.
Probably assumed the Jags made that last field goal
"""2x war veteran"" sounds like something a war veteran would say."
Why not?
PTSD
I really need this because I hate drones.
Parking Enforcement Drones No one will shed a tear when meter maids are gone.
Necrophiliacs
Mah god... SHE'S ALIVE
You need to update your script.
But it could be possible crystal-on?
"it is fan made i'm pretty sure, I have it too and that's what I always thought"
"Braehead clan: sounds like a gang, looks like an extravaganza."
"In other news, truck driver has a wicked beard."
Cornette would be fantastic on commentary.
1gggggg
:D
Legion...?
God damned height privilege.
Ya and it is for helping the poor and saving the subsidies and making india great again.
3 that i know of.
Same.
Fuck I read it as 3 hours each song
and if you have implants then those aswell...
I'm willing to sell my kidneys to get Elliott and Bosa.
"Oh no, it's for uh, other purposes"
"Maybe, but lots of countries have right side drive could of been in many places"
"Jokes on you, I have a timing chain!"
I don't like Troy Chaplin
Get out
Do the stalls even have doors?
"To be fair, the PSN went down for a few hours yesterday that's probably what kicked you."
"Being the contrarian is fine, but what worked for me doesn't mean that I'm wrong."
"You laugh, but it is also in their best interests as social instability tends to reduce profits across the board, not to mention the lack of buyers for mass-produced goods because of a lack of distributed income could be a death knell for capitalism itself."
I have only installed StageRecovery myself today along with some other mods (always played vanilla up until now) but I can't find any indication in my game that it's working; stages still disappear all the time and I don't get the option to recover them in any mode; the other mods work fine :/
"inb4 jun notices something frivolous and not the obvious thing, namely that ITS TOMO!"
The Stug-e feels like the Stuh from coh1 now.
Only because they can't buy bleach.
"What does he falsify, exactly?"
I'M GONNA GET YOU KIRBY
Fuck Milbury
While it is intentional he can still be surprised they did it!
Barely producing any food to survive was more of a European thing than say Mesoamerican.
This didn't work for Blue Baby when I tried it.
But brushes weren't made to kill people.
8/10 haircut in the last pic looks the bast
"Didn't think about it, but just started with Foals"
Could be internet provider maybe?
"To be fair, I see this happen with both liberals and conservatives."
and u know what they say about big hands
He's in like 95% of the starter teams...
its still on the front page....
yet we have him for 3 years... smh
Source?
"""Of course lot's of people disagree with me"""
Which batch though?
Mmkay let's just never try to pursue a reomantic relationship because it might slightly damage a person's feels.
"well, Ghandi is usually pretty high up in these threads as well"
"They also die after copulation, usually not living more then a couple weeks at most."
I swear that this gets better every time I watch it.
Nope
More like doesn't KARE; more at 11.
We need a couple kit changes too those things are filthy.
But that never happens without ID's...
With Verlander throwing a complete game shutout.
Enlighten me about why that is?
"Well it wasn't Roxas's, since he didn't have one."
Probably the PM in town for a Jets game.
If only there was some way to find out!
Good explanation.
can't really decide between Leakwell and Rush
"If you're interested we can talk on the price, but I guess let me know."
I'm going to have to steal that one.
"Understandable, when I beat greed mode again I will keep my finger over the prntsrn button."
"It's a lot easier to upgrade your ram, ssd or even gpu than your cpu as well so from a consumer point of view having those three things improve rapidly while your cpu holds the same value is pretty ideal."
Well you see when a man and a woman love each other *very* much...
"That is beautiful, it definetly shows that you take care of it."
"Sorry, I commented on the wrong track!"
"The +15 is an outlier, I think the actual average lead is less than 5"
I think I might know what the first word means.
Doug continuing to call the WAAAAmbulance.
"Dude, is that lightscribed?"
"I'm sure the rock just wanted to crush that Sportage, but the house just got in the way..."
Post
"Epic is the worst EMR, except for all the others."
What software did you use to edit and camera track
Why is the squirrel wearing panties on his face?
"It seems like everyone is getting one, glad it got one too :) I was initially going to get the Corsair Spec Alpha, but then I saw the build quality of this case (not to mention the looks) and I had to get it."
Only top to bottom though.
"As an aspiring film maker, how did you see it?"
Oh ok
Maybe redditors should all agree on a new youtube...
You've succeeded in confusing me.
Probably some time this week :)
"Has anyone actually made comments about your body at work, or is he assuming?"
"Iron 2-1, possible 3-0"
Bears!
I've actually known ob/gyns that have slept with patients...
"I'll never forget having ""Slaver"" branded on my characters forehead, that was a bit of karmic retribution on my part."
"I watch Jericho's YouTube, so there's that."
My thoughts exactly.
"That seems like a very simple explanation for separating validation and mining, perhaps you don't understand it?"
"My ex cheated on me, and when I got pissed she said I was over reacting, that I should forgive and forget, oh and I should let her continue sleeping with the guy, because shes not my property and she can sleep with whoever she wants"
Also my roommate thinks he thought I'm a prostitute.
"Can you speak on the ""memory issues"" we've been hearing about?"
You can type whatever you want instead...
I have done it many times with great success.
Walking in a river.
Savage
I use the same loadout except champ stamp
"and add baby goats, no?"
Yeah but Bell was the only TE most of last week's game and he did nothing.
D.Va E and I guess Genji E if you count it.
Hillary is fighting for ~~isis~~ us
"Its actually a vinyl wrap, it just looks like tape."
Yeah they are very playful and loyal from what I've seen.
Bring him in as a pinch hitter in game 7 of the world series with the game tied in the bottom of the ninth and let him redeem himself with a crush dong
So you didnt know that and are now scrambling to make it sound like you knew what you are talking about.
*Taking a guess* movie filming?
"Appreciate it, I'll give it a shot."
"Shooting a 75 mm shell through the t34-85 hull, having 150+ mm penetration, getting a ""hit"" is a user error?"
Probably a mix of both... people love that dumb bastard.
:)
TIL
"Throw in some explosions, and I'll be there on opening night."
"Yes, that why his grandstand but 100% political theater acts do not include repeal, but an imaginary law suit against President Obama, and a feeble act, already dead and forgotten, to require search warrants."
What happened to the Harvard Law professors who had registered their complaint last year?
"All the time in America, especially in regards to Japan."
"Hell I will play for them too, will play for lowest wage."
Webcrawler
Id wrekt* that chick.
Because if Freo could kick we would've lost by 5 goals.
"If you don't like feel good, unsubscribe."
"Ah, crow not cow."
7543
Injuries and Mumps really do a number on PP numbers.
"Not willingly, I'm sure."
Agreed
There was a camera when I got my colonoscopy.
"Shredder was too good, but maybe sneeds, yes."
"""Oooo you cunt"""
"Windlands has a forward and backward only mode and still it gave nausea to pretty much anyone i know, which is really sad cause the game is good"
"I 100% agree with you on that, couldnt have said it better"
"I'm only halfway through season one of Arrested Development, and am already user more episode won't be made, at least for the time being."
"You calling Kucinich and Paul ""nutters"" = fail."
Jets with Hansen
He was Big Sorry.
"As boring as *Redemption Island* is, it's far (well, not really) from being my least favorite season."
"""I can't condone that"" ""Since when do I need you to condone my life choices?"""
"Huh, well that is interesting."
"I wonder if they would go with the Carolina branding to better capture the other metro areas in the state, including the research triangle."
"Yeah, cheers."
"Yeah, that's what they'll think..."
Not a very well researched article...
That moment when Slander was one of your top artists to see along with Porter and Nectar and now you have a lot of horrible decisions to make...........
"Nah, butthurt fits better"
#THE DARK CARPENTER STRIKES AGAIN!
Or a group
"He said Montreal, not Toronto."
Beautipul*
"playing vayne every third game doesn't help his case, not the best champ for gaining elo."
you just can't win...
How autistic are your children?
"One must be conscious of their conscience, always."
And they both believe the other are hateful heathens out to destroy them and damned to burn in hell forever.
Cyka blyat
fixthisshit.exe has encountered an error and shut down.
"Canada: +15 Speech, +1 Charisma, -15 Guns"
The Summer and Winter sales are the biggest sales of the year.
"""Justin Smith has been suspended indefinitely after new studies reveal he's actually God himself."""
Misleading headlines are misleading for a reason.
How is that even remotely legal?
"""Well I'm NOT paying for a refill!"""
Such an adorable death machine.
I wonder how blues fans are able to sit down with their butt hurting all the time.
4 years to get an id is *harrrrrrrrd*
Good boy.
"Going to the gym, but I have to cause I have a round stomach and man boobs."
I can not speak for Army but as a retired Marine.I have seen both Navy and Marines rent civilian trucks at times on rare occasions when logistics demand the need.
"Sounds like time for a second ""march to the sea""..."
...if we are lucky.
Stupid laws regarding technology are almost always the point of some old guy's lack of understanding.
I've got another: The Orlando terrorist's father is against Trump.
Most likely BW is now monitoring this sub and copyright claiming any PTS images that go up.
First day of college in my suit.
Fuck right on off.
"Ofc not, I meant United Caliphate of Cucknada."
Yeah i reverse pickpocketed the bigtown occupants with a load of enclave power armour and powerful weapons
"Yeah all those Arabs getting ""random"" inspections probably don't feel discriminated against at all."
Or the glove box....
How much did this beast cost?
"Reply with ""K"""
When Clelli told ADC all about Judas and blamed Jason's eviction on Austin as well.
But wouldn't a .15 ohm coil typically require more power than a .3 ohm coil?
Interesting to see how they get around the FCC.
I would also like to know
"DUDE, it's an Alienware you would pwn so many NOOBS"
And people wonder why I'm not interested in marriage.
Nice try IA.
Then I stand corrected.
Have you tried it?
That's 30 seconds of your life I stole from you and you'll never get back.
There are reasons other than xenophobia to secede.
Hi
Not allowed to build cob houses?
His mom told him as a kid that he was very smart
I will never forget Cesc's look of bewilderment as he picks celery off the ground as he's taking a corner.
"Right on, I must have read it weird, for some reason I thought the focus was on the cops showing up rather than the people calling the cops in the first place."
My mother fuck you... NO FU- Best line of the entire video.
"this isnt the easy way, its way easier to just use quiet with sinful butterfly, she drops them in like 2 minutes."
"I'm making donkey sounds, so I'd rather not share it :D"
"He didn't do a score though, only a dozen."
Just my opinion but i think that Courage and Maven are the best casting due and id prefer them two to cast more then Maven and MrX.
If you have an album of his photos I would love to see them.
Should have just put his foot under the tire and stopped it like a rock would to prevent a cat from moving.
Which route did you go to farm the items i finished gathering 200 blue scrips in two days just farming esos now but its so sloowww just restarted ffxiv so had to catch up 210-230 step luckily i was already finished with 210bs
"Whoops, I think you forgot to add the pic!"
FIRST OF ALL HOW DARE YOU.
You'll have another pm incoming as well.
this sub has turned to shit.
Whats that weekly one in Pittsburgh called?
Going on 5 years now I believe.
If you have a screenshot of your kitchens or even the save file then some people on here may be able to help.
THAT'S RACIST!
She still looks better than your ugly ass.
it really isnt
Colorizebot
I read that you really need a third camera to properly play this game because guys come from behind you and wreak havoc on tracking
Ez skin EZ LIFE
you can't see her butthole cuz of that flab
This gave me autism
I like being liked by West Ham for some reason
"Haven't lost yet with my lvl 2 Hound, if anyone is interested in the deck; 2 Lava hound, 4 baby dragon, 10 minnions, 10 arrows, 8 tombstone, 1 lumberjack, 1 Miner, 5 lightning."
He got the ball ?
Aver has binders filled with numbers xD
"Police are going to do this with the presidency in the united states, or the military will, or already has."
More satisfying than sex
Actually it sounds like you worked out exactly who was single.
So excited!
LA has fans of teams from everywhere.
The ending is fucking awesome.
It looks like a bunch of superintendents went on a field trip.
Just get a lawyer to evict the ghost
Damn this kid takes his reviews seriously
"Fuck, my hands are sweaty now."
"The chest is at every spawn point in pvp worlds, and it is the farthest chest from any spawn point."
Not complete without Macho Man Randy Savage.
Someone left an autotranscript program running while on a South Park marathon.
Fuck assholes
I am seriously infected with a bad case of individual rights.
"""huh, no women like me, maybe I'm a piece of shit and should do some deep introspection and change that"" vs ""huh, no women like me, it's their fault and I should act out violently"""
"""It's a bug."""
United are away at Watford
"Hmm, if only wireless PCI exists."
just my type.
He said that himself.
"English, not British"
I'll keep you posted
"Seriously though, the NYCPD will GLADLY give that guy a fine for having bags in the aisle, having legs up on the seat, AND taking up an extra seat with his sweet setup he's got there."
Haven does not mean what you are implying
You must be 14 years old.
My Couscous!
Drinking good alcohol or making good alcoholic drinks.
Lol servers.... They use Steam's matchmaking and that's it from my understanding.
Jeez a lot of y'all are pretentious as hell
Once... Just once... I'd like to see a religious person or church use correct grammar when making such profound statements.
The only moment Odin has in that run that isn't totally out of character.
Then they wouldn't make as much money selling overpowered cards to fix balance in the next expansion.
17% chance to *NOT* bash.
It'll be the Guitar Hero of movies.
Heavy suing.
At this point I feel like they could just release a mobile Chao Garden game on its own and win over a lot of fans.
"I was late to babysit my younger siblings once, so once my mum had come home - when I was asleep -she shaved off one of my eyebrows... She'd been drinking."
Thx!
any suggestions?
I'm actually turning 16 in less than a month.
When did Obama acted like a whiny bitch?
"Damn near every fight, the person who threw the first punch lost."
IIRC there are patch notes tomorrow
"thanks, im a grill btw ;)"
Are you saying they are doing as great as Fnatic at their peak when every other team wasnt unstable as shit?
"I was going to say...better not be lesser seen in general, considering X-23 took up the Wolverine helm and Marvel looooooves Wolverine... I could get behind some Lady Deathstrike silver nail polish."
Which one?
"to add to this - you could, but it would be so much easier to just get your diet in check than kill yourself day in and day out with cardio."
There's 4 left in flushing but I'm skipping it for AIB version
"I'm more interested in who will represent ""all homosexuals everywhere"" as well as the court that feels it has jurisdiction over the entire planet."
I love that so much it works absolutely perfectly
Giving up is my specialty
ah maybe that was what I got yesterday after 214 lol I entered on 94 then just lagged couldn't acess inventories ride etc..
Fuck you
Because praying was part of the plan too!
C+P?
Folin is RHD... If more than Folin + 2nd then hopefully Drouin goes elsewhere.
"Latest version of Laravel, written so you can deploy with HHVM."
I learned that from listening to random Russian soldiers in Metal Gear Solid V XD
In cross country it is at least.
No.
this is a fucking brilliant euphemism
BALLS for short.
that comment is still very confusing to me
Engrish is probably the best language known to humanity.
Because I am sceptical you have enough gold for every post here
20 years in Congress is pretty good.
"As of 2/27/16 @4:51 PM, I'm working on the livery, btw."
Any attempt at a Nuzlocke in any Pokemon game.
are you running a derailleur I can't see or do you just turn a manly gear?
I'm not an expert but apparently she believed she would be seriously harmed if anything touched her face.
Moire sesh
I think you should be forced to keep it now
I guess there salty because they couldn't get one.
Yup.
It was decided by nomination.
CC are: - Slow (both movespeed and attack speed) - Silence - Stun - Every kind of knock (up back in) - Suppression - Taunt - Polymorph - Charm - Blind - Vision denied (AKA Quinn's Q) Maybe I'm missing one but I'm sure they're all in it.
"No, they didn't."
She knew exactly what mistake she made in her interpretation of her vision which is why she ran back to the wall.
PM'd
"Added to the list, thanks :)"
Well there isn't a SINGLE person above level 70 whos hasn't atleast a +9 weapon.
"I can't read many of the Observer's concert reviews anymore, they are so pessimistic and it seems as if the writers are in a constant contest to see who can write the most cynical article"
specifically her ass
If your worth it to a company they will give it to you.
No more fits of rage when i lane against Ekko and see his Q return to him.
Hillary Clinton
"As low as -1F the other day, and about 20f today."
Thank you for your thoughtful analysis.
They do fix shit though.
what didn't they release?
Must also have 2 commas...
Dictator or Boxer?
I think it's a fair excuse for Velcro over laces
I forgot the Timberwolves too if that means anything.
**irregardless** ^irregardless ^^irregardless Stop using extra syllables to pad out your vocabulary.
9...11
"No, they're too stupid to understand decimals"
Hehe this is funny.
Finally someone pronounces Fresnel correctly!
PoK?
That's weird
They do this every year.
*chokes MVP*
"Vz are popular, but my recommendation is raasco"
"i usually pull up next to the passer reeeeeeal slowly too, just to emphasize it"
no we dnt y wood u post dis here
You mean an old guy who lets kids sit in his lap all day?
"I know, but I was just responding to a what you say is the only problem"
Hey everybody I found him!
It was perfect for the context was what I meant.
"I'm about half-way through The Clone Wars, would I need to finish the show before I could read this?"
What desk?
"Pls stop, I'm bEgging you"
"Actually, their 3rd game against iG at ESL One can be considered a throw."
In fairness he nearly Gervinho'd the first one.
Christian Bale as Patrick Bateman in American Psycho.
"You obama loving bitches, got trolled."
"Right now, sweat because I just got back from a walk outside."
"Because I'm an idiot, second Houston should be Baylor."
Watching the Hotel Scene for the first time was incredible.
RRISD is from my wife who teaches and got the call saying they are on a 2 hour delay.
Tebow signs with Arizona before the SB
"If you have friends in those cities, doing those things, then they ARE your connections."
Don't worry about it you have Matt Hasselgoat
"And we've found the ""in the comments"" LPT."
Yes but that wouldn't be a court and you'd know you're right better than a jury ever could.
copypasta time
A fan of Tyrantrum I see
Bonus vs Water though...and everyone seems to use Water types
"Don't spam the desert eagle like that, only your first bullet was on target."
"I was really excited for you when I saw they opened a place in Paletto, I know you've been wanting one up there pretty badly."
And its just...two brothers...and they're trimmin beards
"I haven't had any memory leak either, but It's been taking on average 2-3 minutes to load up."
Doesn't every tax take money?
"Nah, Scott McIntyre is the man in the know when it comes to this shit!"
Around the Madison Square Park area
The newest harvest moon games look sooooo bad compared to the first few (personal opinion)
Or the one that happened this game.
"""Who Knows"" &amp;nbsp; They don't know They don't know Like I know Like I know Do you know They don't know I don't know I don't know What my baby What my baby Put on down Put on down What my baby What my baby Put on down baby Put on down now I just came back from I don't know I can't count it I can't count it I just came back in town They don't know I'm lookin' for my seller I don't know my baby Have you seen her Have you freed her yeah Have you seen her Oooh hhhooo Talkin' about my baby Goin' down Talkin' about my baby"
you talking about Right Spot?
More likely than you think.
single guy
"Ah right, wasn't aware you could get the M5 in drift."
Wtf dude that's like super rude
I thought it was trying to convey to kids the message of racism and prejudice.
Someone uploading Mein Kampf.
"It's still great to see the MikasaxEren moments, especially the beating up part."
I left it for a while and those were the only available tiles.
YUGE!
"The seller should have red, brown, or blue"
The clothes that Adam Levine has designed are very cool and very classic; they're perfect for everyday wear.
The Witcher 2 is on sale for $3 right now and it's a great game.
ayyy
"Staff of Whatever, I like it :D"
"Spanisch originated in spain, and like with every single european country, the native people of that country are fucking white."
"Or its people who *aren't* going to vote for him no matter what, so they don't care."
"This may seem like a stupid question, but how do you get 4chan to look like that?"
"haha, that must mean YOUR ash you loser"
"Yep, take Chuck Schumer, he wouldn't have come out against it had the deal actually been in jeopardy"
For once people get to downvote because you're contributing nothing to the discussion and not just because you're an ass.
Mirror for moblie users?
I knew there was something special about you when I first joined this sub.
... and a grand
head developer
Or they both pray and God favors the quarterbacks.
I mean what's the point of this thread ^ ^ There are a lot more unknown female characters in trailers.
wrong place for this...
Thanks I forgot it \
You don't know what I do in my free time.
"Endo is for both, from what my father (that used to do motocross and owned many bikes) told me."
I think every team gets two bye weeks in the regular season.
Intent to anger.
By attacking you mean spraying fire extinguisher foam on him?
Everyone who drives a manual can't wait to tell you about it when the topic of cars comes up on Reddit.
"Good point, I wasn't even thinking about him."
Who cares?
In his mind.
I will never understand people who take the game that seriously.
And that is why I never disclose my political views in public.
Modiji thinks so.. But there is also a disclaimer.. Don't try this at home.. Only show ur sexy legs in Umreeka..
"Just missing one of those toy-sized ""dogs"" to complete the look."
Sforile se trag dincolo.
"Fuck cars, fuck bikes, walk instead."
"S340, despite it not fitting my cooler."
I have the not Note Edge and its a fucking tank.
So you mean that genetically-modified tomatoes will *not* grow a teratoma?
That is correct.
These post are just like your name
"I was thinking about puting that in the title, but I wasn't sure if they were slippers or boat shoes."
"Oh my, what an insult."
That the vast majority of people would just use the free chair that they are given?
If it gets cold in a thermos after 4 hours that means your thermos is shit.
They're Brazilian actually.
"Thanks to the 49ers, the Browns actually have 51 wins since 2006: | Season | W | L | |-----|---|---| | 2006 | 4 | 12 | | 2007 | 10 | 6 | | 2008 | 4 | 12 | | 2009 | 5 | 11 | | 2010 | 5 | 11 | | 2011 | 4 | 12 | | 2012 | 5 | 11 | | 2013 | 4 | 12 | | 2014 | 7 | 9 | | 2015 | 3 | 10 | | totals | 51 | 106 | So, woo?"
ITT: A lot of awesome bosses.
What if the wind stopped blowing?
"Is there any particular way to join up but not serve in combat, or is it all down to how you do on the assessment test they administer that they really should give before you sign up?"
Looks like it's straight out of Panau.
Didn't realize I was speaking to an edgy teen
Shh!
Xfdsdd?##:74$&amp;5
"It should be $100k, so that it is only viable to use for jobs you literally can't find anyone in the US to do."
"I guess it's ok to punch a handcuffed woman in the stomach to get her to sit down then, as long as you're a cop?"
Yes because Clinton administration was definitely on par with the Bush administration.
Damn none of those are demanding games at all.
"Read my edits, why the fuck do you care about Jews in azov then?"
BC quora bana diya
The rest of the guys were even more sub-par.
click-bait as hell
And then Xerneas ended up being the better of the two...
savage fam
It's almost insulting in the same way that rape is.
Kenyeah!
I'M NOT A SEXIST YOU SJW MISANDRIST!
"No reason that had to sound anti-semitic, I just wouldn't trust scholarship of a group has a stake in showing that Christmas didn't happen."
Inconceivable!
This is so pretty!
"It's definitely worst when it's bracketing a message with ""This is your mum"" being the other bracket."
"Assuming what you're saying is true, it still doesn't seem to make it any better not to have a protector on because something within that walk to work scratched my phone and it's been bugging me since."
Add that to the curse of the successful dad giving his worthless shitbag son the keys to the kingdom.
Yes.
Thank you.
"Weird, I have a Noppoo Choc, and it has been nothing but amazing for me"
"Blame those fucking morons, not Obama."
No Metamoris 3 happened and Royler totally dominated.
"Don't worry, they're all wight."
wow good thing this isnt a few months old
"Swamp Rabbit Honey Lager, by any chance?"
2furion2furious?
Isn't Cortana supposed to be floating around on the desktop sometime in a future build?
Still not seeing a source.
"If you have to ask, the answers definitely no."
"The new personal loot system is infinitely better than ML for pugging, and only people who honestly prefer ML over the new PL are ninja raid leads."
Found the lawyer.
How do you make a gfycat over 15 seconds?
Several ppl even called us hackers because we knew they had cars in their base
not a bad idea.
Getting married is tax fraud?
lol That was funny
NO PLEASE NO
"Man, if I lived in Denmark, I would feel giddy every time I see a wall socket."
i dont know if its the quality but i can't even hear what they are saying plus its an oakdice video can someone explain what happens?
"I loved how the flashing screen went into fullscreen, as if the devs were trolling so hard they actually had the foresight to know exactly how annoying they could make their game."
ESSENCE REAVER IS VIABLE THE DREAM
She's actually from Australia--the brooklyn accent was just for Wolf of Wall St.
Ouch on the guitar one.
"Is it still racist, if it's accurate?"
Klay didn't exactly play well either tho
what a chivalrus pupper!
"There's a difference between the government locking people up for their speech, and a company providing them a free platform."
"Not alot of crocs in NA, Alligators are more prevalent."
I stated my reason in my original post.
We all had that one friend that we just *knew* we could never lend our CDS to.
"Yeah, you must give all of your personal data to your google overlords, then they will be able to tailor the search results around the information that you play wow a lot."
Sheever cringed really hard after the fact
no thanks
"Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic, Knights of the old republic II and games from the jedi knight series"
"Oh great, now Psylocke's a lesbian."
"Why is it that when you hear about a battle, you always hear of it as the ""bloodiest of the war"""
Do you have a clue what happens now?
My baby learning to enjoy toys.
"Well, that's an unexpected twist..."
Playing Twister outside while listening to Kool and the Gang's Celebration.
I'd never be able to buy something like that because I know it would be vandalized the second I look away.
That headline is the epitome of the guardian.
"Zowie is just the ""gaming"" part of BenQ, so Zowie monitors will have gaming oriented features (1ms input lag, 144Hz, cost way too much, ect)."
Hopefully it's to repair that priority bug they instituted.
wow chill
Haters gonna hate.
"Yeah but if you install the sign in application for Snapchat, then install snap plus with the duplicate option, it doesn't overwrite the sign in one that automatically signs you in."
You crusty savage!
No you don't have arms
I am almost tempted to just get this app for their update change log.
Are you talking about sending or receiving?
I am craving chicken wings now for some reason.
"I like how Overwatch has 3 characters that were all at one point presumed dead but just decided ""nah I'll just not die""."
Ever
I don't care if it sounds good.
I do this anyways.
Please explain how I am wrong.
"After everything that went down, we had the lead late in the game with a chance to win."
HARD
bigly
Full employment is hardly the core principle of social democracy; it's no more focused upon than any other of the macroeconomic policy objectives by modern social democrats.
Its a good idea to have several maps while your playerbase is decreasing
Please bring me thai food.
Did they just fail at spelling in two languages?
A man does not wear chinos.
"Instructions unclear, I now have diabetes."
"Don't know if you've heard, but X-Men Origins was bad."
What I don't get is why he got headphones with a 3.5mm if they were supposed to be USB when he bought them.
How do you know any of those women support separatism?
Acting!
Im at 200 but i sit at around 170-190 full because of all of these dam scrolls and crystals that im saving for my characters
"One problem, what he's saying is not in 60FPS."
Dumbasses
Upvoted for forthwith.
I'ma..... pull up.... wit dat..... stick and.... Hitcho...... Mutha fuckin...
They're so used to being big that they don't know how much it holds them back from being able to complete the most mundane tasks.
The 60's seems like a pretty great time for social change but watching all those young hippies grow up to become bankers and stock brokers who voted for Reagan must have been painful for a lot of genuine radicals alive in that time.
Yes.
#GET THIS PATRIOT A 10 GALLON HAT.
Kill it with FIRE!
"Agree to disagree, I guess."
Doesn't exist.
no
"I believed you mean ""venom sacs""."
The problem is - when doing bounties I have never lost WEEKS of progress...
"""You ain't ready"" for this one pump chump."
cannot
I'm on mobile can't remember my log in derails
\#SoEdgyItHurts
The gasp factor.
easier said than done.
Lelic in a nutshell.
optimist
Doesnt make em less dead if they die on the way to help instead of getting shot and killed once they've arrived to help.
Except that all the changes this week were good.
If you wall you can see a short change in stance when scoping in and out..
Oh wow.
You could have paused it any any point when that actor is on screen and it would have looked like this.
She switched Instagram a long time ago though :(
Oh this might be useful :)
With water it seems.
"Unless he's playing the historic game length, where he'll be defensible like that for ~200 turns."
"""I was going to start regularly donating blood once I turned 16, but I think painting school projects with it would be much more productive."""
What about the S4 mini?
Reply to her with photos of you relaxing and doing fun stuff.
"What you're basically describing is high-school algebra, khanacademy would be a good place to learn more about equation solving and so forth."
"If it is medically necessary as deemed by a doctor, than fine, OHIP can cover it."
My hands
Fuck yeah.
If you think Lyte fucked up then you clearly don't remember how fucking terrible this community was a couple years ago.
Veromos
Those are legitimate nice looking stickings
The west can't just ban a game mod
what the fuck was that thing
The Around the NFL Podcast gives a shoutout to [*random subscriber of this subreddit*]
amateur lol that ho is a pro !
thats still gonna break your fucking ankles
It's almost like it's every 12 years or something!
Alien Hominid bro.
D2 Eververse.
The Outlaw.
"Or at least Cro-magnon, Denisovan and Neanderthal."
As someone who got both a Darth Vader hoodie and Link hoodie for Christmas...I approve of this crossover.
Jesus Christ
I didnt even understand the OP...
"Just imagine all those people who've done the same thing, had those same thoughts -- but who *didn't* survive..."
California?
He was just 1 week from retirement!
A bit of both.
"""Oooh, what are we having for lunch?"""
"When did the website change :,)"
"I saw the OP, and it was contagious."
"Ok cool, how do I keep the juice inside of the tank?"
"Not really, they sparred his life."
"In short, Wassernan-Schultz-Clinton FAIL."
He's already a senator and a huge future presidential candidate.
Either a centaur or a mermaid
Thought it was 5?
My home planet was a Horsebutt :(
You can also visit r/niceguys for more empirical examples.
They would probably pull down a few city buildings and call it a new world order.
"Favorite song by these guys, wish I could get a hold of their stuff on vinyl."
How can Batman be so good and Prometheus be so terrible all in the same year.
Is it weird that in my head I read it in Hank's voice?
Thanks for the info.
Does this mean prostethic penises that look like the Tesla car charger can be a reality?
God needs beer money.
"Those goals require dominance though, both the Russians' and the US'."
We were on a BREAK!
The kid was born averaging 12 rebounds a game.
*Bonerfied* Damsel Slayer?
Wouldn't it make more sense to say that about a candidate who doesn't already have billions of dollars?
"Just hide the posts that don't interest you, haha."
"No one said Indian was bad, it's just as good as US in most cases, if not second best"
:-------m-----D
I tried and failed.
It heals when in cover i believe
Cooper?
"I predict this is going to be trash, but who knows, I might be wrong."
They actually won a lawsuit against the practice of forcing them to buy two seats.
No Bi-Lo FTW
Whoops this happened to me earlier so I called him a hacker as that's the only time Iv seen it since auto aim bots on cs source.
"We should be having upvote parties rewarding those who are leaving their computers and are creating/attending events in their cities...not the fluffiest of fluff, like this post."
Yeah
"Hair growth thrives on people watching it, more people see the hair on your head than the hair on your fun bits, therefore it feels more motivated to grow."
Polishing my hockey mask and sharpening my chainsaw.
I guess those are the only ones that would constitute as calm recently.
I think Ozzie would love a salty first round pick!
why are you disappointed?
It's like MSNBC endorsing a democrat
Peta Todd
"Yeah, though Donna was on screen smoking at one point- but it ends up being all after-school-special-y and used as an indication that something is terribly wrong in her life... which it was, I guess."
^Seconded.
You spelt bacon wrong.
"added you, my ign = Luesid"
Damage Inc.
I saw those at costco a while ago and I chuckled inside.
"Cases are independent of skin drops you will get cases randomly during the week, but skins only drop once per week when you rank up."
"Over priced, wonky parts for the price."
McNYPD
"Shkle, shklim, or shkler."
"My boss is waiting on his F350 platinum cclb to be delivered, and I was just told there isn't really enough money to give me the raise I was promised when I started.... Heh..."
Lemme tell you about this cocaine I found
"I've seen nothing but transphobia here, so he's not alone there either."
video has 144p?
What other site ?
"You had better'd adjust charts for inflation, or they won't be relevant at all."
babies
"And it lasts forever, to balance it out it will have a 3.45 sec cd though."
[m] I might have over done it
"Damn, am I the only being told that I must return mine...even got a box for it lol"
This is so adorable.
What?
"There are already bots that solve captchas if a bot developer decided they wanted to be able to complete random events, otherwise they can just lodestone and lose another few percent efficiency."
bruh
"I think that beginner piano techniques are a lot easier than guitar but at the pro level, piano is a lot harder."
Bots might try to attack with their 0 attack minions too causing an arrow to appear.
hype!
Look at this nub not getting a burrito bowl.
At my work looking at someone the wrong way is considered 'bullying'
sooooo never?
Word
Salves
I'm full
He looks like a young Gilbert Gottfried
"He's a lich, so it's not like it's permanent."
Is there such a thing as a good batch of heroin?
What?
If you read the article you will see that the city is being sued.
"people probably , he is playing it smartly - he is calling for governments and hoping that people will put pressure on their governments to step up their game against IS people of the ME is majorly anti-USA and anti-Israel , regardless of their governments position He knows this and he is playing it smart"
Technically.... Realistic
Or read Mises website long enough.
"OK cool, I'll have a look into it, might be interesting :)"
"Not sure if serious, but considering the Cowboys were trying to get Paxton Lynch and lost out to the Broncos, interesting response."
You're fine with discrimination against a particular religious group?
"I'm so happy there's going to be no more ""Ramsey doing awful shit and is infallible."""
No place is safe from quality loss jokes.
I second this.
The Italian judicial system is not one often touted as a model to be emulated.
She seems really chill about it all things considered.
Pardon Granted dear sir.
"at level 2 you cant 1v1 right click him because of essence shift, and he can easily get kills with another hero because pounce."
Working as intended
"Salt, everyone always forgets how handy it is until there is no more."
Red Lobster has bigger wine glasses with 6oz and 9oz marks on the side
Holy shit.
"KG, PP, Ray Ray and Ron Ron."
F
"I already donated another $10, if you are waiting"
Upvoted for truth.
"Me either, but for other (just as deep) reasons."
Anything can carry in Silver if you play it well.
A habit the probably picked up during the golden age of AOL
"""a a a a a a"" - Gillyweed 2016"
Inb4 brojob copy pasta.
Brainwashed extremists would find it a little difficult to understand.
I swer on me mum i'll hook you rite in da gabbah m8.
"I don't remmeber Arin complaining about the stamina bar in Bloodbourne, which seems somewhat hypocritical o.O"
Didn't he figure out how to keep logging in for a month or so after being banned?
President Obama could've grown up on one of Saturn's moons and he *still* would've been an American.
so they're going to release a exp update with nobody in the office?
"That's totally the plan, to use political muscle to dishonestly ""clear"" Hillary before the election."
Levels you get from completing daily challenges
Fair enough.
"Man, the implication of someone trapping that teddy bear under a trashcan is creepy."
"Yeah, he wasn't a great guest but jesus christ the autistic interpretation of his every word is painful."
It's from threadless
"Barca and Real have been on him for a while, we deffo need to keep him"
Clickbait title is clickbait
"""neigh"""
Didn't The Guardian break the Ed Snowden story?
People are insecure and dont want somebody getting the same props as them for reps.
I can hold a moderate amount of liquid.
Stool
I see what you did there.
OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE OPOPOP
you sound like such an ass the way you say it
Does that count as a post?
I'm expecting something new.
"An insult to the walnut, really."
"you know he's just no good, folks"
I THOUGHT WE WERE DONE WITH THIS.
I'm mildly interested in this for now...
That does not translate into text well.
"See, a good girlfriend would've shit her pants too so he isn't as embarassed."
M E T A
Radeon HD 7700M :/
"Also, LeBron James."
"Weird how IBM switched to a shit ton of Macs and they've saved more money by using them than using PC's, but I guess this random anecdote has just as much validity as a Fortune 500 company's reports."
"Great write-up, dude!"
Lets see how long they hold it the 2nd time around.
"Down 2 TD, seems like it should be more the way the few fans that have checked in have talked."
Because League isn't Runescape?
I feel bad for the homie quietly running his hands through that flour.
The current CEO started as a cart pusher.
Stepford
How are the Boosts?
Do you seriously call yourselves 'muzzies'?
Only if his place is on another team.
"never heard of him before this comment, great find ty"
"Oh, I thought you were making a joke."
I remember being in Panama and seeing a PolyStation for sale.
Nice straw man argument there
M A G N U M D O N G
Shit
"""Hi, Im Chris Christie"""
But now they're smoking ironically
"But Babcock didn't make this trade, Shanny/Dubas did."
I should send an e-mail.
This is gonna be fucking amazing
"Make no mistake he was running from the debate, But it was from Ted Cruz not Megyn Kelly."
TONS OF YELLING
"I noticed your form is a little off, OP."
he was molested by a priest iirc
"Ah, alright, thx for the info Why is gadgetzan such a bitch to me tho ;-;"
It just looks like screwing their customers over to me.
Let's just let them both take each other out.
"""I really shouldn't have fucked all those hookers, my balls are on fire."""
"Po-ta-TOE, po-TAT-oe - I think it varies depending on where you come from."
The internet can take you on all kinds of adventures
"From what we have seen so far, I don't think he has much competition."
"That depends, would you still need me/feed me when I'm 64?"
"In context of the show, what season(s) are covered?"
I'm not saying otherwise but he said he only played ine game as a CDM.
"Oh, you know... Like a Rick Roll inside your mind?"
Didn't GinaMarie think that the Oscar Mayer guy bought them for her?
This is gonna be insane!
Looks like Ohio to me.
"He didn't lose us the game, but he sure as fuck didn't help us win."
"What about Magicka, Meatboy, Frozen Synapse, Machinarium, DotA, LoL, Shank, Trine, Defense Grid, The Binding of Isaac, ect.... How many times does it need to be repeated for it to stop being an exception?"
"well, sign in to game center that's it"
Not enough kids to support the old /thread
benjamin button
New Haven !
I don't think it's a good career move to announce to the world you are an uncreative photographer.
Read the rules before posting kid
THIS IS A LIE OR A GREAT COINCIDENCE.
492 Thank you so much!
That was unbelievable.
"Please tell me this ""kid"" you were talking about is hypothetical."
Didn't realize Korea was spelled EU.
"Well like I said you're entitled to that opinion, but you shouldn't lie to make your case."
"I imagine someone doing something like this, but it just an elaborate ruse to show his dick."
Didn't the update the drifter to be able to go up if you double tapped space?
"Sorry, I didn't mean to hijack your post here... LOL"
It's a repost from like a month ago lol
Wishbone?
"Nhamlet, 32 hunter"
What specialty...gonna put that and VI on mine
"""Whore""."
"Try putting disc 2 in if it then installs the DLC you will be good to go, if not uninstall and start again with disc 2 only."
"Dude, you can't make submissions which show Palestinians to be anything less than saintly heroes on Reddit or the thought police and anti-Semites will get you."
"My first thought when i saw the lawyer was that Fisk sent him to Cottonmouth, trying to start doing business with him."
So no it's just full time asshole.
For kids that age I would get them a WiiU or DS because you won't really have to worry about kid friendly games but if you actually mean that you're gonna buy a PS4Pro for 4K Netflix when your kids aren't playing it then go for it and buy Ratchet and Clank and Minecraft
"It's a legitimate word and it's a great thing to have drive, but cunts like this guy keep making us associate it with douchiness."
So if you are the youth pastor you should know the difference between holy matrimony and legal marriage
Worked out pretty well in my experience.
Rutherford is usually available laterish and turns out good somewhat frequently
"Hmm, one wonders from which perspective."
If it's not priced high they'll take like half a year before they release it
"The other way is literally painful, so yeah."
Trump supporters have no decency or patriotism.
"Is ""bruh"" English?"
That's the only future potential this case has and it might not even happen considering the heavy criticism Valve received with the introduction of it.
That's his upvote hand.
Democracy - RIP
"It turned out it was only Dwight, a bad guy who has half his face burnt off."
I'm toxic nobody will notice
You have some great New York boobs.
Happy cake day!
The advertising campaign that keeps on giving... how is this the top comment?
"He came clean about the brake part by simply crossing out the relevant bit, admitting he made a mistake, however nowhere else in his post do I see him claiming there was no one else in the car."
"Man, that thing looks like a GM."
Why?
What do you mean by pre-jump fire?
I use the /oos macro (shift+d) so if attack is on my left click I would stand there attacking like a clown when ever I used my /oos macro
I'll try in a few moments.
Your words cut deep
"Last whisper works on your spells, black cleaver doesn't."
"I didn't say it wasn't relevant because it wasn't new, I said it was irrelevant because it's common."
Virus warning!
File a report with the game warden and cancel your credit cards.
But then the numbers wouldn't add up to 75.
what if the 360 camera was on Dan's erection
Thank fuck that they never made the anniversary update mandatory
*Ultrawide* 1440p 144Hz
Thats the fastest way but you can also hit the home button and press the menu button for the party app and snap it.
"""1 file failed to verify and will be reacquired"" ""Installing Microsoft DirectX..."" Shit... Still nothing... :("
No - it was Mashed Infant that night.
No luck in France either... But I hadn't let my hopes carry me away... ^(*cries deeply in a corner*)
I believe he plays on Hard
"I guess you could line up every person in the world today, show the the head shots of both, and tally the results."
"I've seen rec players make that pass many times, often times more accurate than curry did"
"You don't, you just have to change the client language (text language actually, which you can change while ingame)."
"A-10 is great, but there is some truth in the fact that they are becoming incredibly expensive to maintain."
"When everyone is special, no one is."
Made it based on u/priceQQ idea.
Not when my GM is made in China and Mexico or China and Canada.
"What would somebody hoping to avoid seeing NXT Osaka results possibly expect when clicking a thread entitled ""NXT Osaka results""?"
LeBronze James
A David Attenborough film following Yoda when he first arrives on Dagobah and discovers the local fauna.
this question is all that matters
Especially for gay people coming out to family and friends who voted no over the holidays.
The Lonely Man!
"I'm 21 and I could too but it would be a couple months worth of the free part of my budget... Do you honestly think if you spent a good chunk of your income on it, you'd let it go to waste like that?"
Welkom!
math doesnt add up but ok.
State is a bully there!
go on...
Added!
Ditto
dae le relevant username
But le FeelS!
Sarcasm doesn't translate too well in written form.
"I actually hate the look of this, would rather everything be hidden away"
"I believe the reason the judge didn't fine, and only jailed her was because the judge didn't want the evangelical activist networks raising the money online in half an hour."
We'll get rid of Mattingly before getting rid of Puig lol
"Wait a second, I have a gamekey from my bud and want to redeem it when I'm home, that's till going to work, right?"
Watch videos on YouTube from last stand gamers about how to build functional ships.. You might be getting in your own head... conveyor systems are so much easier than they appear to you..
It's times like this that I wish I understood Russian so I could watch his streams QQ
okie dokie
"Ah, gotcha."
Dota 2
Meh
Are you hired by the IRS or something?
Biggest fear realized.
All violence except the riot caused by his voters right?
The lack of Emi in both of those greatly disappoints me.
Tommey and swanny?
"Same, I'd try it."
"I'm not sure the F/A-18 was guiding it, I think it was just filming the missile's flight"
The back stabbers.
Anyone know where Uncle Phil and Rob Mullens are at the moment?
I go by Birdie now.
"you poor thing, you only watch ONE team."
"Fucking hell, humble brag much?"
If you want to hammer people down play Rein... Why would you use a hammer in close combat if you have a shotgun?
wut
"In LoL people don't want innovative, they want to be told exactly what to do, which champions are allowed in which lanes and what you absolutely must ban every game."
Because it's cheaper to reuse a model and just re texture it
"Since RCS also has to be enabled by the carrier, which Sprint has done on their end, will Sprint enable it for Boost and their mvnos?"
Not yet!
actually according to dictionaries both are acceptable
"So THAT'S why there's two of them, pretty clever!"
"my ex bf got me a bracelet from tiffany's..I don't even care much for fine jewelry but I hated it because he chose a 'cure for breast cancer' bracelet with cute heart charms and pink stuff, there was also one charm w two women hugging labeled 'sisters'...I knew that relationship wouldn't last much longer"
Register it on a new account or risk everything getting banned if he does some sort of chargeback on the code/card.
"Oh, yeah, you're right!"
It won't go lower because if it becomes decent profit tons of people will start alching rune.
What is this Ausfalia?
Tofu
"Nah the dunk is a one man operation, he told them to fly with the geese when they asked him"
"Would you/he be willing to share his instagram/deviant art or anything else he may post on, I love his style"
"Yeah, I'm sure all these democratic voters in the deep south are going to help Clinton a ton in the general."
2.2 Making good $ working construction for a top ten in the country firm.
"My thoughts exactly, the real thing actually looks much better than the plans too."
Berkeley?
Where is that?
Plz post that wallpaper.
My control sword deck is in heaven right now.
"she said you don't have the temperament to be in charge of the justice system, he replied because you'd be in jail."
"Look down about 6 or 7 posts and you'll see a ""suggest a recipe for my flavors "" post."
Rest in peace in peace?
No path to legalization.
Wtf are you talking about smokes are not client sided
No
Wyl I hope you're ready to wait a Wyl
Seattle 1989 - epic
"The ones where you shit-talked my name, said you didn't care if all fighters paced themselves or said Johny wasn't being humble when he gushed about how great Condit was?"
Oh... :)
Serious question: how can they be called clones if they are so much different?
"Pregnant midget gangbangs just never get old, huh?"
Why would an ex-KGB agent lie?
"Dunny = Toilet, which doesn't always have to contain shit"
What is your relationship with her now?
"Bench the lawyer, cut the gym, etc etc"
"What, really?"
making it ranked again.
"Tbh i just don't want SKT getting out, a FW/C9 win would be ideal"
Bubble tea.
The dismissive attitude is probably due to him being a convicted doper
I'm totally out of the loop....what's all this?
"Nope, you have a better chance with star wars figurines"
Does this mean that we get to stop hearing about how underrated the Stars are and how young they are and how dangerous they're going to be in a few years?
F I N G E R G U N S
I mean I would rather have termites or other pests almost anywhere else than my house
Can you sue for that?
"Porn laptop #1, porn laptop #2 (dedicated for porn on the shitter), work laptop, work desktop, gaming desktop."
Clinky clank
Nothing says fun gameplay like standing around alt tabbed watching Netflix waiting for the fate sound to pop.
Chicken with Mole sauce laced with Ex lax.
You need to put up some of your all-time favourite movie posters.
Suing people you're dependent on is always just the best idea ever.
forever drinking the cool aid - black and white world - ROZ gonna ROZ
I think the state of vision and true sight is just purrfect.
What will gun control do for people obtaining guns illegally?
I don't believe that we are qualified to speak for an almighty being.
Epic haha
Old Silverstone is so strange to me.
Darude - Sandstorm
This is what happens when armchair know-it-alls start broadcasting their fucking retarded musings as if they were the same as the informed facts that they are lucky enough to sometimes hear others dutifully report.
I'd have to boycott a Colby hosted Jeopardy.
Clean your fucking keyboard!
"wiki says it has better melee stats than a staff of air (i assume that all elemental staves are equal), but has identical magic stats - so for the purpose of doing magic, i don't think so"
"I have no idea, the game only keeps track of my logged-in-time, not the actively-playing-time :( Too much afking."
"IIRC, it means that more than one firehouse was called in to fight the blaze."
It was on the shirt
Feels so fucking bad man
Yeah lets judge him by his passing performance during a torrential downpour
It might help if you don't click on deadpool links and don't comment in deadpool threads...
Isnt the one side black one side white an art form in japan?
"Lots of them are, yeah, but a lot of them are also entirely normal people."
ATM0
Exactly my thoughts!
Hell some of them dont put a point in q until they have to
Definitely approve of this
I think it's fucking stupid that I can't see it without logging in.
Can you pm me links to the necessary files?
We love our cops
Just about anything from SA is solid.
"Moral support, it is amazing how much stupid can be packed into one moron."
Who's balls are they gonna lick?
Lacelab always hook me up
Sounds like a pain in the ass
"Ahh, I gotcha :) Yeah, Portland could use a bigger stadium; the Sounders are blessed to play in an NFL town where they likely won't ever need to expand or build a new one."
Yeah... if you drink it over the course of two hours.
Used a stamina potion Never Ever
No one cares
I've done that a multitude of times and haven't gotten any different results.
My friend who is a husky fan always makes fun of WSU academics and he dropped out of community college
I just ain't turned on by it so much that seeing another dude's erect member kills mine.
"I've been dying to join it, just wanted to make sure I was at the right place before I dusted the key!"
"Pretty much, yes."
Restore the system and Malwarebytes is a anti Malware not a antivirus
Zardoz?
"Zblock is the anti-cheat for esea, a hosting service for Counter Strike matches."
"Great build, good to see someone so young making sound investment choices."
Maybe when the vast majority of Christians stop being bigots?
Creep - Radiohead
Professionals don't get the DLC early either lol
Did that influence/inspire you at all?
What are some illegal life hacks?
"Apart from other homeless people who are also hunting you and will ""make"" you in about 90 seconds."
dont plan on it :)
"Boa, irgendwie stressen mich allein schon die Worte ""unruhig"", ""gestresst"", ""geschossen"" und ""Verlobte"" im Titel."
still would not care
"Let's be honest, Bulba is a terrible player."
"Except when that free speech is promoting violence, hate, and terrorism."
Okay which one of you couldn't choose between Glenn and Abraham?
I wish real life worked like this...
What's your brother gonna do with all his newly acquired KAWLAGE?
Because he china's all the time....
Actors doing their job wow
Bacon
How do you know he threw a curveball?
Already been posted m8
Slightly off topic but it would've been Brian Clough if the FA thought logically
Tatars here are just Poles that go to different church as far as we are concerned.
Exact reason why Samsung stops supporting Android updates 18 months into the life of a phone.
Ty
"replace ""people"" with ""US-Americans"" ... than yes"
"They are fucking awesome, fun *and* useful, and they aren't that expensive."
Yeah Pence the gay conversion therapy guy that's who I want appointing Supreme Court Judges.
"Muh Feelzzz -leans into mic- wrong Lets see how things are going by the first quarter of 2018 and let me know what you think of Trump's policies at that time K, thanx."
He lives with Jenny?
I'd be happy if they'd just play Looney Tunes and Tom and Jerry all day like they used to back in the day.
"Am Irish, for real, it isn't."
"Okay, but *why* do they crave it?"
What a handsome boy!
Pretty sure that was just Uncle Touchy.
"I'm right after the third gym and my pokemon average around 35, I think yours are underleveled"
"View.param ""Happiness"" (mode:outbound) sort(ascending)"
That sounds terrible
"Same, it's just really jittery."
Where do they come up with these nicknames haha
Nah I'm at blizzcon :)
"It's still testimony if it's not excluded, and it's only excluded if it's objected to."
He becomes the manager for the Atlanta expansion.
"You're still... you know... homosexual, though."
"nah, they'd probably both turn into NaN."
Good for you.
I went to a nice Afghan restaurant in Washington DC for eid so no problems so far.
"No, it was around 11:15-17 pm"
mine lasted 8 years of torture
Oooo that would be so tricky!
"but hey, look at how popular Bridgeview is now since they paid for that stadium!"
break yo'self foo!
They don't get paid minimum wage and make all their money from tips.
"""Then why's you want to go in the first place?"""
k?
"I think their whiteness plays a role in it, though, only because the militia types tend to be rather white and would see the arrest or killing of these guys as the start of a race war."
"She's an exception, not the rule."
Bring back Salman Rushdie!
Rama.
"I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not, but we're pretty good at causing our own problems, the US just helped."
Explain how a society without a government is not the most idiotic thing ever.
What a stud
MPB?
"Live in Eugene, can confirm."
"What, like Gavrilo Princip?"
Thanks!
No one uses mules anymore
Having the time to play it :(
I hope you guys aren't talking about poop.
"At this point, the performance benefits of almost any change to a road bike are slim at best."
Um das Auto aufzuwerten.
I saw a fb event a local promoter was doing the party
That's like getting a wound and pouring ghost pepper flakes on it.
These are their traditions.. chill.
I hate being poor lol
You hit the nail on the head.
How do you get that perk?
You can spend any parts you've earned - you still get them all back at the end of the match to go towards your clan
Treat her with respect.
Captains take multiple elite badges :)
sometimes you gotta take risks in life
I'm not seeing it.
Today's Christians would crucify Jesus all over again.
*HIGH ENERGY*
I think it's about time we absorbed Northern California.
It is racist and therefore not cool.
"When a michigan fan brings up the ""glory days"", you know he lost the argument."
Pretty sure those peoples *less* likely to blow of someone's limb.
I'd put it in savings as a financial safety net is a luxury for me right now.
"actually telefrags are easy... and that means she just cleaned-up the fight similarly to illi getting all the kills once you try to back off from lost fight... what i've got respect for is LM T-bagging a back-line squishy from flank with mirror-ball-seeker combo, as this is not as easy to hit as point and click tele on someone already dead... what I hate is that there are so many LM topping useless damage while not actually contributing much to team-fight until it's already won..."
Hopefully he competes head on with the Australian and leaves neither with a big enough market to be viable.
"I've seen some amazing transitions, but nothing like this guy was trying to pull lol."
And I bet they still going in raw.
Yus [](/ponklay)
Does that include cost of staying in the house
"Same, I think most everyone has seen it."
Scandal ruined the word OPTICS.
"THey want fascism, not anarchy."
"Take the picture of the stars without the person in front of the camera, then you can layer the close up shot over the stars without motion blur."
I have an evo 850 (or maybe 840...) and speeds are not noticeably different than this.
"Firefighter: ""Given that a huge amount of my job is cleaning up the cities you destroy while fighting supervillains, I think I'll pass thanks."""
Not smart enough to realize tha you have no choice.
"Dang, let the man finish on the phone haha"
"Are you serious, then why have I heard about people who got their entire collection disenchanted by hackers, and got it all back thanks to Blizz support?"
Mother Nature is a bitch
Looks like a Bond villain lair.
coepuffs lvl 30 warlock self res
It is known.
Well the WRs and Rodgers better get it together now.
Someone besides the OP can confirm this?
Mmmmmm sand
Look at how much more comfortable than Hillary he is around regular people.
You haven't had enough beer then.
Hobby Lobby has a bunch of that sort of thing.
Tried Arma?
TIL being Jewish is somehow tied to race.
40 fps is still 40 fps it's just PR It's like having vsync off without screen tear
*scritch scratch*
keep us updated lol
"No, was offering for others to check it out and fly."
"Sometimes men just need to talk about shit that doesn't matter to bring their heads out of the bullshit reality we all exist in, and then throw on top the societal pressures to keep everything bottled as a man, talking about football can equate to meditation at times."
"You're correct, however preemptive mitigation puts her as the same style as tassadar but without the damage as an off-support."
How are you supposed to add more storage then?
"I know, but it's still funny this world we live in :D"
"I heard the visual novel is great but I like anime more, personally."
sikh analogy
Mah nigga
Makes me happy to know you rekt that guy...
Most satisfying headshot in a video game.
Jenny liked it well enough!
I agree something Japanese would make more sense...
"We want you too, counters seem to be your kryptonite."
"""It's not my fault the president walked in front of my bullet!"""
"Man, ya'll are itching for the Caption Contest aren't you?"
10 straight nba allstar is impressive too
"How ironic, since street drug dealers are notorious for having far shadier product"
tl;dr bo3 only makes a difference in 15% of games
Source?
Dont ask how much they spent on the obamacare website...
How dare you assume his level of attractiveness
All of them are hot I want they to have a cosplay day where they cosplay each other xD
This happens every year.
I thought there was a 10th realm with Angels... I think it was Original Sin that talked about it
Does this work even after the fortress is started?
"Anything that doesn't cost 4+ figures, according to half this sub."
Is there a subreddit for haunted places?
Which pedaltrain form factor fits you the snuggliest
"Eating food I've cooked myself, and realizing it turned out amazing :)"
"French here, my writing has been described as ""hieroglyphs"" for no one could read it."
Well definitely not on RT.
Young doctor who is part of an expedition team.
Even Reign Over Me?
So you're single again.... Hello there
Because that's a log
Hahaha I'm absolutely using this description at work tomorrow.
:-D
Should be called smuggling raisins.
Normally yes but it seems that the internet reserves a special kind of hate for the bieber
"No, being banned from League of Legends is"
"You sir, have a very questionable name, and this is coming from a guy named Fappy_McMasturbate"
Then what's the point of the clause if you can just ask and get approved?
It's immensely easier to complain than to try and actually fix a problem.
The Map Editor is the greatest thing to come to GTA
"Wait, are you doing top gear, or dream Devil's Threesome?"
Even more depth for State.
Yes.
#No
"I'm pretty sure the missions in The Martian were called Ares, not Hermes"
LOL REKT
That makes two of us.
Might be worth the ink to print it out and do so.
but is Winslow the most important piece in that puzzle or do you think Whiteside and Dragic remaining consistent is more important?
Ren Cen 179 Greektown 210 Meh
He met Toby Soprano at the Dan Envelopeman show then watched a live performance by Tedious David.
If only she carried a body cam on her utility belt we could witness these crimes against humanity for ourselves.
"Yep, just chased him around until I got it."
"I know a few ""grill"" streamers who brag about being Diamond 2/3 spreading gospel and advice when they were carried there by 3 master 1 trick ponies...lmao"
"Maybe, someone could experiment with it and show an edited version of the film to someone who hasn't seen it before."
I don't believe we know for sure but I am guessing it stays until you abandon the pledge.
"5'8"", honestly I think it's an ideal height for me."
Bellerin and Moreno are great.
I'm sure you'd laugh when something like this happens to you and then you'd have to pay for passport renewal
based on what i've read that is the purpose of rush hour AD
"Of course not, because if that plane crashes and Trump dies, *Pence* will be our leader"
Which one?
"This, any enemy that step into the goo of an enemy zac will just squish it so it cannot be picked."
That's a terrible example as Karl Marx was an esteemed economist who created the idea of labor capital and Labor Value Theory.
"Why am i waiting for ""....And sued for bruising the man's shoulders and back"""
I want to compare myself to people of same rank pre vac.
Friends don't let friends skip leg day.
That would definitely factor into non-averaged stats.
I swear it is in the Education Act that says this can't happen; maybe it is not the liberals but the principal.
Psycho T just looked behind his shoulder.
Mister Potato Head looks a lot more authoritarian than I remember.
Well aren't you a Bro :)
More lack of social awareness to blame than the game itself.
It enhances blood flow at their reproductive organs.
Ahh the Great Americas strikes again.
Blingotron into cursed blade
Getting a real early 2000 to 2006 vibe
Whites are potent!
Grizzly Adams did have a beard!
As long as engine is done in-house and chassis tweaking is done in-house I'm cool with it.
you can send me a request now
"Probably because Ferrari will destroy them and he wants to ""leave them wanting more""."
AMD Motherboard?
"""I have a girlfriend"""
Weddle's my new favorite Charger.
HL3- games for windows - a single tear was shed that day.
Are tankies even leftists or are they just Russophiles lol
*Peejays
out of curiosity could you add a lower shooting station to the indoor range instead in the interim?
Yeah I changed my name but I played back in map 8.
No idea.
Do you take photos with the VSCO app or the Google Camera?
Life wasn't pulling any punches with her
Multiply each value by like a billion to account for the weight of OP's mom
"Well, someone has a shitty JM team that needs to communicate better."
"I might be a Fanboy of the Witcher franchise, but boy there is no single track in the Witcher 3 that I don't like!"
I think Danny characters in Aaron Sorkin world are as such perfect.
"I know lots of men who don't have sex with women because they aren't attracted to them...they represent a fairly large segment of the population, they have clubs, and parades...just sayin'"
My villager's plot was placed the next day :)
"To be honest, Donald Stephenson should still be on this list this week."
"I used to have this issue, but one day it hit me.... Why would I expect rationality out of people who practice prejudice?"
This
"pretty good and no dub step soundtrack, well done"
When do you take a bork and when do you go gunblade usually?
Even shilling is a 9-5 job
Jazquizz when Martin falled.
I wonder what it's like dating a guard dog.
"No, right there"
This should be world wide punishment for all pedophiles and rapers...
"doe eens kalm maat, diene gaat gewoon hoger beroep aantekenen hoor en da kan nog efkes duren eer heel die procedure is afgelopen"
"Yeah that dash needs a space after it -- looks like ""negative 8"""
Literally
I'd get ready for beer pong with Hitler
Maybe people that don't like that they are accepting questions only via Twitter?
PIE al a balls.
"When I find them, they are in the suburbs (in the US)"
The mods decided the wanted to have the bloods run a train on their asses.
Wait until you meet the Triage Nurse!
Goddamit I shouldn't follow random internet advice when in public
That's what happened in test screenings for Apollo 13 - people complained that it was too unrealistic
"I think fundamentally Christian patriarchy is Biblical and the best model for family structure... but when one starts to follow a ""movement"" such as following a set of ideas of a few men, it becomes dangerous."
I too am glad He's off tommorow
The Mind shares a pool with the item room and the angel room.
"i thought certain zones required rails due to NPC traffic, such as Arc Corp?"
"When I saw it for the 1st time, I expected it to say [True Identities](#s ""Owain and Inigo gained A Rank."")"
He finally counted all his 500 free hour CDs and realized he didn't have enough :-/
"Damn, the Kings are gonna end up being one of the tightest-knit teams on the ice."
....not even close to what I meant.
that 07 potato fish eye swag.
"You're not you when you're hungry, Jack"
"I've seen most of these before, but in color it makes them more ""real""."
Wouldn't take much to be considered a speed back next to Green or Smith though.
Well say hi to Titus for me.
"SSD, it is a surefire way to speed up your PC in 99% of things"
These guys can do no wrong in my book
"More like, a basic understanding of history, that both you and devilsavocat seem to lack."
"he might be a good sidekick, unless he has talent we haven't seen."
I'm sorry I asked
He will find the answer to the question 'is there beer on the sun?'
Voattted
"Alternate question, but can you give people the maker's finger if they already have one?"
"Assuming your store has more than 2 employees, you're completely full of yourself."
He goes to parties?
"Yeah I hear a lot of people complaining about how hard MEP is, but based off of content of their conversations, I think it's just mostly that they aren't used to writing comprehensive lab reports yet."
The iceberg did it.
It is a classic and does flow
I will happily take their word for it.
Jonathan: Gentleman Joseph: Trickster Jotaro: Poker Face Josuke: Teenager Giorno: Inspirational Jolyne: Delinquent Johnny: Egotistical Jo2uke: Best
And link your Origin account
"Nah, but my lust for 18 year old girls is definitely getting creepier."
Good argument.
"Yes, yet sjws decend on this thread spouting circular logic trying to convince us otherwise."
"Same, Vanu forever haha"
"no, you're thinking about Michael Jackson+ it was the other way around"
Ghetto weebs are best weebs
They better get a JJL stand named after them
Germans sure as fuck don't mind when they eat Doner at midnight or need to take a cab somewhere.
I'm waking up with you
Reddit has ruined the rest of the Internet for me.
chest ahead therefore try two-handing
They should just make paying for a mod optional for people who want to support the mod creators but not force everyone to use this new system.
"Guys, I found the pathological liar."
"Bubba Gump shrimp is real, though."
I thought it was pretty obvious from the title.
"ITT: ""i thought u ment terrorism xddd"""
Military-industrial complex.
FoV slider for console.
Fun for the whole family!
The Granville Strip
"Here are a couple of mine off the top of my head: Modest Mouse - ""Parting of the Sensory"" off of ""We Were Dead Before The Ship Even Sank"" Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers - ""Fault Lines"" off of ""Hypnotic Eye"" Green Day - ""Panic Song"" off of ""Insomniac"" Pink Floyd - ""Childhood's End"" off of ""Obscured by Clouds"""
"If I had a nickle for every time someone with a phone under the recommended requirements called a memory crash a ""bug"" I could buy them all new phones."
i feel sorry for the *figures* oh gosh
I cast magic missile on the the darkness.
I wonder how many white house staffers will be sent to her funeral
"""If I dont shit on this roof no one will ffs"""
It's bad now but I'm sure it will all calm down once the plebiscite is a go and federal government funding becomes available.
"So, on the basis of a gif, you can tell how hard the dog was playing with the kitten?"
Show us!
Ever get any buttery donkeys with that username?
"He couldn't even ""hack"" snap chat to make it to allow more text"
Anything after 2 am.
Maybe it's because war was the barbarian invaders' business after the fall of Rome and even before that Roman army was not recruited from the local rural population.
"Calm down bud major releases aren't all smooth, the game isn't going anywhere"
"Unless you use buttons for shortcuts outside of gaming, you will never realistically use more than what's offered on the g502"
"If we both worked solidly together, the days it would take would be inversely proportional to how many civilians we want to kill in the process."
i can't even get a boomerang to return to me on earth
1 byte (MB) is 8 bits (Mb)
Love those ass to mouth machines
Prometheus.
1.00 GAA isn't *thaaaaat* bad...
"Risk and reward of that is far from equal, but then again its a talent (so reward should be bigger)."
"Michigan: Colorado, Wisconsin, PSU Ohio State: Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Michigan."
Except you don't pay someone hundreds of thousands to get a yelling at.
sounds fun
sounds like you live in africa
I really like the idea behind this one
That's a ridiculously specific situation.
"Shit, you're right."
"I don't know, but it's not there yet."
You didn't..know... this
Yay!
Ouch
Is there a difference between the two?
I'm still not sure why he still has the same gimmick from when he was Hunico's sidekick when Hunico isn't even a thing anymore.
I've usually got raped on ammo and never actually bought a gun there because the one I was interested in was so cheap it was probably stolen.
"Troll or not, this is getting genuinely illegal"
;)
"You're bullshitting me, right?"
"Those jerks with their words, and...and their sentence structure, and their not accidentally saying pedophillic things."
"Been playing since launch day, about 20 hrs a week, no intention of stopping"
"""The Tommyknockers"""
Because Nintendo
I like the clear acrylic and LEDs on the shield
"$$$$ Welcome to Hinkie's world, where every contract is an asset $$$$"
Probably $350-$400
Verizon has just over 100 million I believe.
Heyyy me too :P
Mad Men
Not always not coming not from not take someone else not down.
Added you.
I'd love to see a final pic
Try pick pocketing the core.
No doubt.
Totally feels like a soundtrack
Kai Leng because he is a Mary Sue.
study it out.
I like how I deserve to be shamed for circumstances beyond my control.
He's doing it because he knows it was well within the rules and him asking for the investigation and being found innocent is by far the best result public relations wise for him.
CLG played it vs Jin Air game 2 I believe
Clever title!
Mhm sure
I wonder where his beautiful wife Princess Banana Hammock is?
You can't change the title of a post
So which is which?
And Corrado!
"Getting Aldridge, hopefully"
I figured it was more stable to have an unusual that will probably hold it's value longer than the Strange festives (because imagine how many Strange Festives there will be come January 3rd).
Why am I even upvoting this?
"Coming from someone who is so careless as to take the insightful words of an individual, change the words to fuck up their intended sentiment, and indelibly print the inaccurate version on their skin, I imagine you are correct that your amount of shit-giving will probably only wither further."
"Yeah, let's all go to Cuba to buy a car that's been beat to hell for decades when the same car, in the US, has been restored with readily available parts and has only been driven to the occasional car show on the weekend."
"the headline really makes his fans sound like a cult, which would actually be pretty accurate."
...der hat mich zum fressen gern...
He didn't even put the ring on the correct hand.
My siblings and I spent at least a good forty minutes on our individual phones trying to find it.
Slavery works!
His VP pick is a real eye opener.
Rask looks hurt
I don't but it amuses me to write it out like that.
"lol who cares... fox was there too, so your statement seems nonsensical"
Sounds fucking weird to me
Presumably New Zealand...
Snap me at tiago_consta if you want
"The open steppe, fleet horse, falcons at your wrist, and the wind in your hair."
"I'm ready now, name is the same on DN."
TRIM support for SSD drives.
"To me, sliced bread tastes a lot worse than other breads."
Adding my name to the hat :)
I really should make that wireless usb thing shouldn't I...
What dyes do we get
I thought it was sonething like he spent 75 million on creating busineses but the current value of those buisiness is only 22 if he was forced to sell
"This was not even a serious war, Georgian president was an idiot and his country got really lucky to not become Russian territory."
Why is it so difficulty to keep a phone/camera steady?
You also have 90 days to dispute the charge via your credit card company.
And the Leg in YEG
"Yes, but only with the amiibo you don't have."
That's hilarious
"Jokes on them, I never get cards!"
so *that's* what it means
I can't wait to be a prisoner again.
"Not a female, but you look like Edward Norton."
"I'm waiting for it to get delayed a month then have some yinzer hit me when it's snowing, trying to do a Pittsburgh left before I get the chance to sell it back"
"Oh, hi yo"
Who is the parkour dude?
"And or more alcohol, if not working repeat this step."
I bet he falls for the BG-/camp prank every single time.
Test test 123
"Why solve the problem when you can use it to get ratings, money, and votes?"
As my party's Gnome... it's always the Gnome.
she is totally onto him
He's going to ask the NBA to tell them to stop booing.
"Dont go to shields electronics, i went there to buy one and they were going to have to order it for me, taking 4 days and costing more than they do online."
"Suggesting a cyclist should obey traffic laws, that's a paddlin"
"Reread my comment again, I said in the finals as he was really poor for the CL final and practically absent in the euro final"
"Yippie ki yay, motherfucker!"
In Finland the whole show is edited to remove all the collar stuff and what not cause they're illegal here.
More *vacuous sloganeering*.
"Get a dedicated video card, you will suffer as long as you run intel graphics"
"Weird, we made the exact same order."
"Because originally they were shown after the feature film, ""Trailing"" behind it."
build dat wall
"Cant be done, if you see in the Human Saga, they also speak of bringing them back, but they breathed another atmosphere, clone some and they would suffocate seconds later."
Bought mine for Rutgers (only game I can attend since I coach 2 soccer teams that play weekends).
Hard to open someone else's casket when youre already in one...
Sad thing is the Hawks were pretty big on Porzingis and would have probably taken him at 15th in the 2014 draft if he wouldn't have pulled out of the draft.
If you want games optimized for low end gear get a console... Haha.
Can't wait to see what's coming out of spj
"If my wages merely kept pace with inflation, but now I have air conditioning, a 50"" plasma, a cell phone, high speed Internet, and a longer life expectancy....versus 30 years ago when I had none of those things, did I really lose ground?"
"You must be whooshing his whose, but then I realized I whooshed you whosh on his whosh."
"When two main parties pick the only realistic candidates for public office and don't consider themselves public organizations, that's not really democracy, or even a republic to be honest."
In spades.
I was in a public park (not a State Park) in the southeastern US.
You can just tell when people are going to be annoying
The larger components we're all shipped via shuttle.
PA V MIMMS MOTHERFUCKER
Disney
"God, that's incredibly accurate."
It's Clif bar (note the one f)
I can't wait to see what his ghost writer comes up with.
What a true whale would say.
Learn how to punt
yes but luckily you got rid of it before too many brains were rotted.
Holy shit he actually fired a round and she kept on fighting him.
Battlefield Heroes was the game that introduced me to TF2 :( RIP
Garcia Salka
"Me too man, no one should work that hard for someone so shitty."
Has to be a record for earning karma.
Even the darkest cloud can have a silver lining
Also microwave radiation is non ionizing so although being inside of a microwave will kill you it wont damage your DNA.
a picture of stalin and a bottle of grain alcohol.
nice tip
You can buy 3 packs for $5...
"it's literally a kit, I've even made one in like 20 min"
"Do yourself a favor and don't get sucked into the world of ""tone..."" Too many people are prissy assholes about it for no reason."
"You're probably just lucky, find a nice plank and put that under you PC."
I wanna go with Stephen Fry on this one.
It was the first one on reddit.
"Bigger question, what if you catch one with your teeth is that a hit or a save?"
Why has Bob Ross started popping up everywhere?
I found my soulmate
I think all first responder personnel.
"Awesome, thank you :)"
"American store of fuel, food and drinks."
A condition of your membership in this private club we call America includes paying your dues (taxes).
"apparently your panels are a true to life, full documentary study of your life, with no edits"
Now you know the truth - is that the truth that Steven is an AMAZING crime scene cleaner?
I think this video was a disa... Shit!
Two Things You Need to Know Before Hitchhiking Across the Galaxy!
I've never screeched that loud in my life
"The gif edit would've been 5/7 with rice, but no moving handrail, and no rice means it only gets a 4/7"
Me too thanks.
"Yes, be a good democrat and vote early and vote often."
"As it currently stands is there like a date during the pregnancy at which point after, a woman can't get one?"
Then just calm remind yourself how absolutely and completely insignificant your death is in the universe and you should feel better.
"Cookie-puss, I will eat your soul!"
**Hi-Rez add another damage class**
"A major reason for that was that the stock was posted on the door, and most people were only there for the 0-4 Ness per store."
Meme settings on ULTRA.
Never gonna give you up...
You never want to be caught riding one.
"Or you can just realize that ""god"" is probably derived from an alternative name to Woden/Oden or his son."
That's your prequel content right there!
Only if he can't fix a toaster
You know you aren't wrong.
Nobody expects the Dodge Neon.
foot massages don't mean shit.
Um... That wouldn't be our only common opponent by then
HoI3... join us... join us
"He said it happened outside, he'd be getting dirt and debris when your weed"
I see Frankenstein
I thought you were trying to make a joke... (some ass)....
great band name!
That sounds like a terrible place to work
Psyentist: A person who uses the power of their mind to bend spoons and disprove god.
Too bad about the rest of season 2.
"Eren also produced a skinless titan on two occasions: the time when he stopped the canon bomb, and the time he grabbed the spoon."
"No worries man, cheers"
We should let dogs vote.
my peripherials CORSAIR STRAFE SILENT RGB HyperX Cloud Core (horrible mic but overall good headset) some Logitech wireless mouse samsung TV wii sensor bar taped on top of TV now OP isn't as diverse as me
"I've had it happen to every type of lootable container (Chests, Bullymong piles, skag piles and the like) and vendors, it's really strange."
"OH MY GOD SOMEONE PHOTOSHOP THAT LOGO BACK TO THE WAY IT SHOULD Be.. hey, my shift key got unstuck!"
Nope!
Oh you mean Karelia
Paprika
"45 minutes, but it wasn't rush hour, so it wasn't unbearably packed"
"Sometimes vets rip people off, my family had some bad experiences."
Wordt er aan de top ook gesaneerd of zijn het alleen wat wegwerpslaven die eruit gaan?
next to claremont
I never said either of them had the support of their party - what they have is the support of the oligarchs who now control our media.
"The idea isn't to accommodate them, it's to reduce the number of victims."
"Just got it, don't see what people are so crazy about."
Flatthony Earthano
But isn't OpenGL Partially Resident Textures basically the same thing as DirectX Tiled Resources?
"There's no need to choose, just keep both on."
Better community.
Technically disabled on regular story
That was awesome :)
Probably just took advantage of it.
"Same, Detroit all the way!"
"Actually a hexapus, but that's not as funny."
Yah they have old diesel ones.
You state this like you feel before the riot people weren't getting ~~beat up~~killed like Freddi Gray by the cops.
Mods and the vocal hivemind decided that's how they wanted it to be.
"Which proves the whole point of it being a 'systemic issue' with police, in my opinion"
But why?
I wouldn't be offended but I would think you don't know enough about Shintoism if you think that works.
Oh thank goodness
"Tough luck for the kid, was playing so well."
I'm seeing poopy Hill
DuckDuckGo
Micturation Monarchs?
It seems like it is cloudy in Tempe - but no chance of rain/thunderstorms until the afternoon.
You could always do your job.
Chicken mcnuggets
Damm right!
I'm certain if you even clicked a wikileaks link you've been added
I reddit :)
"He mouthed ""My Hammy"""
Your first part is the most important.. sadly
Freeze the enemy hog
"Seriously, that mall looks amazing"
ok
You're looking at right around $100.
Yo an sks isn't a 69 camaro.
May the blessings of Atom shine upon you Brother.
dollarama poutine sounds like marde
Good ole Photoshop Phriday.
Found the guy who has never played cs before.
SO LETS JUST PRETEEEEEEND
"KBD, not QBD."
I fuck with the new name ngl
"You find out later Race is Aqua Mans land brother, and he summoned the condor too attack."
Vex mythoclast.
Marathon... that takes me back
Or the Bridge Guardian!
Born again religious hypocrites come in all forms.
Greg Lamb retired in 2013 mate
"Mmmm Picasso's, had a slice for lunch yesterday."
Entire Bee Dad script but every time it gets wholesome you feel better about yourself.
There was a lot of suffering before that
She's mentally ill and we know this because mental illness is exclusive to one race which all know but can't say because of pc culture.
If you're a smurf you just get matched with other smurfs... You're not experiencing what legitimately new players are.
It would literally cost like 50 dollars a day to hatch all the eggs you could get.
Not all of them.
$20.00 
"Yes, basically it forces the Vanilla gamerule reducedDebugInfo."
"I was honestly thinking of doing something like that as a mod, that tool was immensely useful in SC4."
All time or current?
And you think the US gov't cares about that?
What's the bow on the far left in the last picture?
I think you and anyone else who willingly gets up at ass crack of dawn to stand in the cold and battle hundreds of people for a deal are brave.
I cant even see where to do this in Windows 10...used to do it in Win 7.
I think that means we have to fight now
Lol
"I'm sure Trump thinks that she's probably been groped *against her will* before too (by other men like himself), so in his mind, that makes it *doubly* okay."
"All y'all mother-fuckers need to stop buying these shitty mainstream games, else they'll keep pumping out as-is."
It really is!
Indeed it was.
I was in a bar surrounded by them and the look on their faces was priceless.
What is your budget?
"Well yeah, but Seabrook, and Keith are both top 15ish with Hjalmarson not being far off"
Thanks to CHERUB
"I feel like this would do better in another subreddit, although I do like it"
"Gooseneck in a half ton, that is just scary to me."
Confusing because you have 22 months over there?
Off doing something productive
"There is a museum in San Diego as well, and yes I visited it."
I like it when he says sorry first and then keeps repeating it..
"This is a good thing, means the game won't have the biggest problem that BO3 had and people might actually play properly"
"Now that's awesome, exactly what I needed on my pyro/dex hybrid."
Just legalize it already and stop trying to micromanage your citizens...yeah I am talking to you uncle sam
"""Clean coal"" lmao"
"I've had lots of success lately as maokai and i play about 1/10 of what i used to, hes just too easy."
I once did it with a burrito in the bag.... My bike ate my burrito
"Maybe there's a middle ground and it could be a yellow flag, not quite serious enough to be a red flag."
Just use a judgement belt instead?
"I'm not OP, but I'll throw something together real quick that is similar to what he has for ya in a sec here!"
Good thing these people don't know I have highly infectious tuberculosis.
"NC: Mountains, Plains, Beaches, and No Medicaid Subsidies for the ACA."
"Which is why you shouldn't read a ""news"" paper written and edited by 19 year olds."
Agree.
"Never heard his music, but the photos nice"
replied to your pm
Mass Summon
"Maybe 'cause women care about that sort of shit, and guys don't really give a damn?"
"Nexplanon turns up on xrays and other scans, implanon doesn't."
But it's only one mission.
I so want that middle pissoir for my bathroom.
"This map concerns evangelical Christians, aka the 'born again Christians' that were born in America, which is why they only have a nominal foothold in Orthodox and Catholic countries, and absolutely none in Muslim and Hindu regions"
Power to do what exactly?
I think that's what they're going to do!
The context of such comments seems pretty important here.
"A bunch of us (who all met through here and the manchester subreddit facebook group) often go, though there's no specific plans for tonight."
Consoles get patches a week after PC.
"Yeah, AON sponsor too, just a crap likeness to Rooney :)"
Exactly
"I work at a university, as an administrator."
"Actually, I think that's Hillda Clark when she was in her 20s but I understand your point and agree that it is not a very flattering picture by today's standards"
"OP planning to visit London, so assuming tube too, which means magstripe / contactless gates."
Just like how I clean my dishes
good Namo i agree with you.
"Yes, that rings a bell, I'm not sure how that turned out"
"The one movie that requires a sequel, but will probably never get one..."
So just do it!
Figure of speech.
Go on.
I truly hope it's selfie just on principle alone.
I'm so confused...
"Personally it's my least favourite of the 4 games, despite having improved combat, story wise it's not essential to play the others but I don't see why you'd start at the end."
ITT: People who think reddit users are the average person on the internet and people who don't understand marketing and want stuff for free.
screenshot?
"LOl when meiko ults the enemy team and they all start dying, he says ""bye,bye,bye"""
then id just make an ult g1m8
But simultaneously they wouldn't be able to do it
By the time s3 Utopia's ready the next Humans series would likely be in the can.
I don't get it...what type of kid does that signify?
Are you trying to change my beliefs to your own?
Yeah but isn't that when art dies?
Story of last 3 years really
For you
I dont think they give a shit honestly.
So you downloaded a patch from a third party website that wasn't peer reviewed and you're surprised you got a virus?
"Haha okay, sounds like a plan."
Any comment about someone's body that isn't a compliment is impolite.
It already has in Maine...?
"Close, but no."
It's undoubtably him.
What drugs are you on right now?
"Wow, that's really not one I've heard before."
Shower hours.
"For some reason, I thought of Charlie Sheen when I saw this."
People use Google+?
Also known as pavement princess in my area.
Did that once (really dumb btw) no one caught me and I slammed my head off concrete run off.
Rolling around is so fun!
NIMBY libs.
Goodbye
Craic = banter = having fun
"Oh gee whiz... Gosh oh man, geez.. Golly"
"His wife was once for at least a moment, remember?"
I think he's trying to distract the painter for a minute while he sneaks a few sips of the beer.
God Damnit I just bought the bike yesterday.
Thanks.
"The man himself said that last year, when asked how many languages he speaks and how good is his italian."
reminds me of the biggest city I could ever build in Caesar III
"When you're told you live in the greatest country on earth for decades, then you take a look around..."
"...They're doing a ""Faces of ISIS"" now?"
Lol
Were they also closeted gays named Jonathon?
"Yeah, the next guy who starts a christian sex cult should definitely bookmark this one."
There is always more than one way to skin a `cat`.
I'd recommend his collaboration album Polar Sequences.
"I wouldn't say he was posing, he came to a Unionist conference, what would you expect to be in the background?"
Drones run by a human operator somewhere on a ship or a ground station?
And eat animals.
"I lived 7 times, defying YOLO"
Shitty computer.
It's Hamas they won't and can't accept.
"i hope he knows what a huge fucking mistake he made, all for money."
No remove kebab Bulgaria is of fan of kebab
"funny troll, funny"
"If it was written a little more spin-off and a little lesson season 9, I might enjoy it."
"Mike Brown's shooting may have been the catalyst, but its weird for me t keep hearing it talked about as if its THE reason people are angry and not decades of issues coming to a boil."
*head explodes*
"Dude, there are so*ooo*oo many suggestions, google before posting."
But I want to get a closer shot of this magnificent creature!
Should be fine!
"Exactly, if you're working with ""big data"" in some capacity, either analyzing it (data scientist), writing hadoop jobs or training machines to learn from it, you'll be making fat stacks and have great job security while normal dev work becomes super competitive."
I love how cute she is and how much she loves me no matter what
now this is Padresing.
efficiency
Also the laggiest.
Lewd
"I think, frustrated/overwhelmed + poor coping skills."
Not against bit definitely believes there is more to look at regarding the subject.
"Hi, i can give a Alienware ra code for a Smite Tactics Alpha code :)"
"We made it to the play-offs, better fire someone."
Is this sarcasm?
God is a fucking dick.
Has anyone ever walked with their arms crossed like this in the history of mann?
Don't believe everything you read on the internet - Thomas Jefferson.
"Yup, I used to struggle vs irelia but I took cleanse one game and ggff@20 irelia"
Who elected you the spokesperson?
Thank you!
Fuck the one time I'm not looking!
Grazie.
"oh no, how could I ever live without connery shitposts."
That's why.
should have gone sooner then
"*Twins* Ronda Rousey leaves her island paradise to seek out her twin sister, played by Rebel Wilson."
Didn't James Bond already do this?
"Honestly, thats the best way of breaking the Bolton's phalanx formation that you see in the trailer."
No like T_D subscribers are actually majority children lol
wtf?
would play on the north pole for the vet minimum
So are the arabs in europe that want to subject people to sharia law colonists?
Guiterrez was playing DM.
Nate Allen deserves credit too
...Shane?
Good thing smart people know the internet exists and works better than paper media.
"If you believe AMD is going to sell an 8 core with 16 threads for 350 dollars you're out of your mind, they are a great company, but they're still a business"
"Here comes the push showing us there are ""good"" muslims."
My teammates seem to think that is enough for a week.
Paulding
Every Storm Procedural.
Carefully.
The issue is that police officers don't get punished.
#NAME?
time will tell.
Getting chills just imagining those catching on clothing or something else.
"Scamming and grifting, the Cooch is one slimy character."
I'm not an Apple fan but they've been selling some pretty high quality IPS displays for a long time that don't do this.
"Looks like they are halves from 2 seperate fruit, they both have the seed sticking out"
oh my west bengal :(
Add broccoli in the last hour.
Bill Gates aquired his money through notoriously ruthless business practices tho.
"The deaths in Herculaneum were worse iirc, because the superheated ash column that erupted from Vesuvius collapsed straight down into the town Herculaneum (it's below many more metres of ash than Pompeii), cooking people alive."
and your point is....
I really like how this show is so popular with so much well-monied support behind it...Jeremy has like 10 million dollar budgets for 5 minute reviews.
I like the gif
"To add to, babies have been known to die because of the procedure, most often the baby goes into shock during the procedure, doctors tend to be payed outright a fee for MGM so they have a conflict of interest regarding medical health and their own greed, its antiquated and barbaric."
whoever needs it!
Oooh.... you mean the *junkie*.
"Yes, but all that matters here is a verse that could be interpreted as something in the Bible claiming divinity."
"This curosity wouldn't have anything to do with that video of the racist lads that's going around on facebook, would it?"
Child Toucher Don aka PeDon.
Yes!
Read a history book you fucking troglodyte.
Seems pretty great for her then - she has an out if a debate would hurt her poll numbers.
Zenyata ftw.
Why does it cost money to enforce a trademark?
"Cat: Look at me, this is my lap meow"
That's usually a safe conclusion.
Hinkie
Pro tip: Actually add something to the argument instead of being sarcastic and making assumptions.
Is this BiomeBundle?
"Kyickss eh, nvm, hard to put Kyuss and kicks together"
Poor gummy worm mold :(.
Well I live in a capitalist country and it's fucking shit.
Because you would not have believed it until you tried it.
Forum tourney?
I was doing much more volume when I was natural....
best brand name ever
Since 1979.
Kevjumba.
SJW bullshit strikes reddit again!
Wait
"I'm surprised Hangerman had any living progeny, lol"
Here's the track list: 1) Stiff Upper Lip - AC/DC 2) At the Hop - Danny and the Juniors 3) Pink Houses - John Mellancamp 4) The New Girl in School - jan &amp; dean 5) Dance Little Sister - Rolling Stones 6) That's the Way I Like It - KC and the Sunshine Band 7) Dirty Water - The Standells 8) Louie Louie - The Kingsman 9) It Came Out of the Sky - CCR 10) Secret Agent Man - Johnny Rivers 11) Anarchy in the UK - Sex Pistols 12) Needles &amp; Pins - The Searchers 13) Son of a Bitch - Nathaniel Rateliff 14) My Shirona - The Knack
"I think the most interesting thing about his profile is that he didn't find real success with KFC until he was 65, at the tender age of 65 he was travelling and sleeping in the back of his car while trying to pitch his product to restaurants."
"When Merle called Glenn ""a chinaman"", Daryl assertively corrected him by saying ""He's korean!"""
"lol, I bet that statement is considered anti-Semitic."
This is the right way to Voidwalker.
Blyat/10
CHINA NUMBA 1
That's his normal face.
"hurt my wallet not a little, for sure"
Philips earphones are cheap and ok
"What do you mean, exactly?"
Corona Fiesta Bowl.
Or Chubby Hurdles
......bwah?
"Good luck to him, he was cool"
I see the sphere cut hasn't made a comeback yet.
natty
it might be a foreign concept to u but sometimes you need to read the title of the post
don't think it could of gone worse
File a complaint with Service Alberta under the Fair Trade Act
Radio Live?
Best salad in baseball!
Hey Slick
"Oh, this again..."
"You can trade those in for a nice, ball pit shaped pencil topper."
"Here in Australia we call it ""soft drink"" which makes no sense, now that I think about it."
Feel free to share if it's not so much of a disturbance.
ah-haha aSuh witu dud?
"It's ok he's a texas fan, he doesn't think very good."
"I forget, but with 1 out in the 9th and Gagne on the mound I'd say they probably did."
THEN FIRE ZE MISSILES!
"Of all the comments, this one is my favorite."
Thanks for adding another useless shit comment to the rest
Looks amazing please continue work on it and if you ever need motivation I'll write you haikus!
"Depending on where OP lives, the complex housing office may also have some."
Public transit: where rush hour = amateur hour.
Read
"onii-chan, die sooki!"
And we've been leading the majority of the season...
Also the BF has a medical condition that makes it painful for him to have anal...
"Yup, I did"
"""'Insane', he says, probably just a plain ol' bread and butt--\**footstool-to-dair**...oh...well...alright then."""
All the links on the sidebar
Don't forget a tag as well in case there are multiple ecm mechs.
Yes haha very good BB is a monster
"There's a couple of weird pro-Hillary cucks around that obviously don't ever read the news or pay any attention to what's happening in the world, but it's definitely not a common opinion around here."
So Rad.
Would it be better if it used reddit instead of res to add this feature?
"Bought a bunch of Doff slots myself; but i think the ones I mentioned are too expensive, even with the discount."
"Yeah i agree, The mods do a great job here."
I wonder if it'll cover the part where BP denied several claims for those that lost their businesses.
How do you do it?
Yes malarkeys is good !
[[Ysera]]
So that's where Jon Huntsman has been.
And?
Write and reddit!
That Eb minor riff at the beginning of Omnipresent Perception gets me going
I'm a big fan of IT.
Link?
Equal when it's convenient most of the time.
Well he only had to relearn three chords.
Or giving season ticket holders train tickets.
"I swear if this happens one more time, I'm calling Capcom out as psychics"
Then the one Izzet player just sits there until they cast 10 cards at once :P.
I'm shooting for first chair
This looks like a job for science!
"Wait, why can't JC2 have tunnels?"
Remember when there was a time when we nearly started counting the amount of times creepers called Loli by name per submission?
"Especially since most current shows aren't just recapping last week's episode, but showing you a lot of flashbacks that are implying what the plot of this show will be."
Why does that seem fair?
Obligatory I thought this was stand up comedy
what rude about that?
Thanks :)
"fuck it, numbers are just hard"
"Everything I've seen suggests that it was better in terms of luxury, but much more expensive and less safe."
3reasonable5me
*enemy then creates reddit post about how rng is in a skill based game/ how first shot accuracy is complete bs
Yes.
Just hearing the theme music at the login screen brings back great memories
"Spicy sweet chili doritos are vegan, and the best kind of doritos."
Hypocrites.
"That's why the smiling bit is important, too."
2016 did kill Castro
"No, OP is so desperate for Karma he faked the scene."
Zeus's stats are incredible though.
hey we are not idiots.
What the actual fuck?
"rumours, fleetwood mac"
Yeah but you aren't even allowed into cities.
New active Western separatist movement WHEN?
"I didn't say an instant rematch, but should've been Conor's next fight after Diaz not an immediate Diaz rematch"
she's oddly likeable
NSFW!
"Did Mitch Holthus originally coin the phrase ""human joystick""?"
It is pretty ridiculous that there have been several comments basically saying that
"Not a motto, but how they refer to their fanbase."
Or on a second floor balcony?
That makes sense but I feel like releasing the users details is going to cause a lot more damage even to the owners.
"Trebuie sa comparam, ce poti cumpara cu 20 de lei, 20 de tigri si 20 de ursi."
As opposed to a sausage fest of girls?
I see nothing wrong with that.
Any ETA on when they'll be done?
9/11 not racist enough
"I can't really give a preference, but I can say that while reading *Blood Meridian* was an experience it's one that I really have no appetite to do again while I could see myself maybe picking up *No Country* or even *The Road* some point in the future *to re-read."
And Solomon Grundy
Insta Gym-Progress reset!
"Probably by keeping viral loads down, safe sex, and limiting 'risky' sex like anal (which is only *actually* risky when you don't wear a condom and don't take the time to lube up/relax, which causes tears, which make the virus more likely to catch)"
"Generally people need 2 healers when they start giants, and people usually prefer Chasun over Bella when they get to the point where they can use one healer, so if anything he should sub Bella out for a DD, but he hasn't reached the point where he can do that."
"Not sure you cant take the moral high ground when you're fucking over peoples pensions, savings and the entire economy."
wot u say u cheeky cunt?
Diseases do.
After the first few I thought maybe he was just slow... apparently I'm far too patient.
Yes.
"Don't like being out late at night and my days off are monday/tuesday, and the paralyzing social anxiety."
"Its not just the Craglorn area its the patch itself it fixes a ton of bugs, not to mention passives and skills it adjusts..."
Dat combover
Sure buddy
I highly doubt there is a basis in reality but maybe this whole psychosis was caused by someone turning her child away from her (I wonder why...) with the whole Usurped my child's life.
you should probably ask people that actually live in/near the keys
Eli's Hemorrhoid?
"3 wheelers can get pretty unstable when cornering, and many of them are pretty poorly made, and shockingly heavy, but if she's not going to be carrying it, and won't be going fast, it's an option."
It killed will smith's wife.
COP
That's weird and I don't agree but I see where your coming from.
In an alternate Universe I am also banging Emma Watson while I live lavishly off my lottery winnings and Mike Ashley is a decent person and Lee Charnley isn't a fuckwit
oh no
"That's the point being made, when even people who support these types of facilities call them ""abortion clinics"" of course people are going to assume they do tons of abortions."
"OP was only one thing, this guy posted like 20 gifs and calls them ""basketball americans"" or whatever"
He's trying to take the land so the white devil doesn't steal it.
Sent
as soon as he mentioned obama and the fed.
"ITT: People who don't understand post-secondary education, and why it is important."
"This sounds like the first arc of the ""one shot"" podcast."
And all of Democrats welfare giveaways are dangerous to the national debt...
"O hai Misha Didn't even have to look at the username, just recognized the style of picture."
"First a decade of darkness, then a period of ""more teeth and less tail"", now a period of ""because it's 2015/16/17/18!"""
Ian Anderson?
So is the case for any major city.
"The Unreal Tournament pre-Alpha does this pretty well, it shows the health and ammo below the crosshair, almost halfway to the bottom of the screen."
"I didn't see you post a picture of your comments, I'm glad you agreed to remove such a thing."
Ole Miss?...
"Ah, that's shitty."
I guess the Jews who told me holocaust jokes are double NAZIs tehn.
op is now ops friend
or you can get a VPN and watch it on Hulu.
is there a sub for black friday gifs like this?
Exactly what I was thinking!
WG will make fail platoons impossible soon!
BRING IT ON!
She can she elephant at Rajaji National Park around 200 km from Delhi.
I'd take Gerrard over Kljestan any day of the week.
I feel the peanut butter could clash.
24% more damage is insane and it completely solves mana sustain.
i goof'd
"You can just twist the bar to rack it at any point in the movement... Not that you should squat in the Smith machine, but that is actually one of the main advantages a Smith has over free weights."
Just replying for an update.
you would
That would be the one all of the cars are parked in.
To lick.
"Only heard this movie advertised once, and that was when the edm radio station I listen to in the morning brought up how they had to change the trailer because the first one pissed off so many real djs"
A-fucking-men
"Last year of high school (dutch version of hs), answer will probably be ""not trying to get to know/ask out that one super cute girl"" once I'm out of here I'm not for the life of me going to approach someone who probably doesn't even know about my existence"
What a shitty idea
"Please tell me you're use the term ""wife"" (as opposed to ""ex"") mistakenly or because the divorce is not technically final yet."
"Yeah, but not in front of Mom."
"I love a great sarcastic comment, we'll done!"
Same
This is also known as an Airmans jewel.
Wales does this!
"Yes, but I believe there still a large Azerbaijani population living in the south east."
Only 350 thousand?
What a whiny group of children.
The drive shaft is 4 bolts on each end... what is easier to remove than that?
He actually kinda looks like the shitty charmander guy.
Diggin the background jazz tunes
"Well I know I'm just a stranger on the internet, but I'm very proud of you for quitting and glad you've stuck with it!"
"""Join a fad"" ""Always be crazy"" ""Be yourself"" Wait, what?"
what a subtle faggot joke
You'd be surprised by how 'strong' some feeler types can be.
So a card like [[Hedron Archive]] that taps for (2) can be used to cast spells or activate abilities requiring colorless mana.
I have enough money that I don't have to stick to an SKS.
"For such a big Centre back, he has been shit winning headers."
Uppers and alcohol suck and just make you feel shitty.
Rocket League says otherwise!
Abhi English mein bhi bol do?
who do you use?
"No, voice is for speech"
Did you just assume his gender?
Many no longer have to work to afford healthcare.
"We have the best speaking style, don't we folks?"
But it's so much easier to deny any accounts which don't fit into our existing ideas as fabrications and nonsense.
He's manifesting Eris' mighty will.
These guys aren't exactly underground.
Totally legit comparison dude.
He is a troll and he knows that he gets a rise out of folks.
"That's crazy, the people there must be going nuts."
They used to be considered genius's now they are just tier 1 customer support.
Them purple links ;)
"Shit, _he ain't even close!_"
That's a weird thing to put on a belt buckle
Does this work with non-samsung devices?
To beat off the semis?
NiP ^^^^^^^^sucks ^^^^^^^^Kappa
"Whites don't have a culture to appropriate, shitlord!"
so not a slapper?
"Those skills also aren't the result of an English degree but more the result of innate skill, and practice."
Getting dates.
Glasshouses.
"The temptation was really there, but it was an innocent mistake that she blew up."
Jamaica: Partying doesn't stop/ Rampant Homophobia
wut
What
"breakerman, sounds like a megaman villain for sure!"
"Also, never before has a card's summoning quote forever changed the perception of another card as Huckster did to Refreshment Vendor."
And will the eventual Republican nominee be called the Grand Dragon?
"i'm apparently incapable of reading it any other way, please enlighten me"
About 5 minutes according to some of my customers
Broncos are dropping like flies
Can this be integrated into bitmessage without breaking backwards compatibility?
Rename the planet Jonestown
Not to mention all the wars fought on behalf of Big Olive Oil
"A subjenctive question, but I personally enjoy it more than LoL."
Yup.
Very cool... Thanks for posting.
Truly counter logic
Stafford has something like 15 points in 18 games as a Jet.
But I need it in fullscreen because I cannot afford input lag (it's a rhythm game)
Blizz says that the 60 tick mode for custom games is buggy for 20% of people which is why they have not rolled it out.
And they've been there for a lot longer than the 12's
"It's going to be a Sybian, modeled on Elong's wand."
"Yup, the overqualified and unemployed will take any job over unemployment and then leave in 3 months after they've found something on their level."
The vouchers are for tickets purchased from 1999-2013.
"It is good, low usage, well organized and lets me know at a glance what my PC is doing."
What is HBCU?
"If Romney wasn't Mormon, he'd still be unreliable."
"Calm down, Satan."
Philpapers survey probably.
Not me US!
70k+ is solidly in 'talk to a lawyer' territory.
That *was* telling.
"yeah, I get confused with wording sometimes ^ ^ ''"
"Yep, I have a ton of very partisan Republican friends who I discuss politics with, and they have remarked with awe that it seems Berniebots hate Hillary more than they do."
"If you are super competitive and lose 50+ games a year, the on court frustration is going to be HIGH!"
"Too bad, OP you have to deliver"
"Hopefully he cuts that shit out a bit so a freak injury like that doesn't happen, the dumbest way to get an injury possible on the field"
Per se
probably ready to cash in the new updates
"maybe it was vandalized, if you want, i can link you to the primary and secondary sources"
This is why OSRS need a proper clan system... I get that OSRS players don't want the game to change into RS3 but small changes to actually prevent people from scamming one another is not a bad thing.
Gimme until June to turn 21 and I'll hit you up for for my last stint in Austin.
Everybody knows that!
"I hated him until like 2 weeks ago he did that $30k Overwatch lan and thought that was pretty cool, but after reading this thread he sounds like a fucking idiot, wow."
Sexy people problems.
"I know that this is generally frowned upon amongst the atheistic reddit community, but anything that goes against my religion."
Late last week my friend!
Cutest loli.
That costume is insanely great!
Even when the episode aired I disagreed with it.
No
No way either of them deserve it over Jackson right now.
Why?
Have any of the streamers seen those walking sentinels yet?
Same for me with my subaru impreza
"That isn't a demo, that's a refund feature."
foot foot
"""It looked better on your sister."""
Just sick.
I think you just made me gay for tolerance
Where might one locate which states qualify for this?
Sounds a lot like a game called League of Legends.
If we don't give them 30 days notice will they keep our deposit?
"Nah, worse sites have made to the top simply for supporting Sanders."
"Syndra could pick up and throw blue and red buffs, but never dragon or Baron."
You ruined it.
"Just make sure you don't forget to cry in your car about it or the rugged, fit men can't come and rescue you."
I'm already lured in and enchanted by your legs and socks :*
when all the kitten born with small head and die in 1 month time
Some one's pretty lucky!
Thanks for doing this- it was exciting!
To call the majority of a religious group with over 1.3 billion followers is a bit of a generalization.
Then they can't be surrounded by conformation bias.
He seems uh...pretty dead dude
Its OP just because it does something?
Aw what the fuck is there a replay on later or what
Now I know why I am a smelly bastard.
Nice to see my town on here
I am also curious
"i doubt they'll poll it, they know it won't pass if they do"
Common in european countries.
"grey square means that you have the bug, and dont have the 6.0.1 bugfix yet"
Tell him about Balanced Rebellion.
"We might wanna thank those ""Played 150 games till legend, hunter op"" posts, which basically focus on mulligan everything to get undertaker, spam deathrattle bs and go for face."
"Nothing, they were shot out of a Vehicle gun (mod)."
Am i the only one who had no problem with darklurker?
Not to mention some of the best run stopping games were w/o fairly anyway
If Hillary has managed to alienate even Sarandon to that point then things are grimmer for HRC then we thought ...
repost
ur a poopface
829 miles from bfe Alabama to M&amp;T bank Stadium
Your a women to I can tell
Gylfi Sigurdsson
Only one question remains... Did Yale receive it too?
"Our spruce trees aren't very tall, but that is still enormous and realistic."
I don't see how cops using Waze makes it any less effective for avoiding cops.
I would say only 5 teleports a game.
I think the little shot ovi got from whoever that penguin was behind him showed he wasn't saying anything too polite lol
"My 2003 alero didn't have it, my 1987 325 has it, when I found myself sideways going down a main road from snow and ice (was probably going too fast), ABS definitely helped."
I kept waiting for the implosion and rupture of his organs due to pressure shock.
"Your post history suggests that you really want to kill off more people, man."
Anal [Regen]
"Hey sorry to bother you, but could you PM me the link as well?"
Always catches me off guard after driving under that bridge.
"I mean the sound of change is the basis for Pink Floyd's song Money, so OP is half way there"
Just the way they brought back black money in 100 days?
"They also tend to ban anyone how goes against their world view from commenting, and seem to focus on US affairs as much as UK."
So we wont see bearded men kicking doors down for trying to download 2girls 1 cup the movie?
"I think he is speaking of the ""hit it and quit it"" focus of keeping score."
Ratings and critical reception disagree with you as far as seasons 1 and 2 go.
Does the same happen with hitachis?
That seems like quite the time committment into WoT just to stop.
tires*
I own the battlechest IRL I just don't have it where I currently reside.
"Rules don't say it, evolution does.."
what were your symptoms?
"Probably doesn't help that Ryan and Co use ""Conservative"" and ""Republican"" as the same ideology, whereas Trump tends to distance himself from being a ""Conservative""."
Go to r/Hyderabad for better responses.
New uniforms are more realistic though.
Lol they seem so cheesy and stereotypical.
Very cool idea and obviously it's not feasible to buy all these items but I have to point out the downfall that there will probably be a turnover of a couple days or less for most of these ads.
They have time to figure out how to make their own.
Wut?
Aye.
He doesn't know about season three
Dude it was alrd secular and multisectarian.
Thanks for proving exactly what I just said.
"Fatty meat doesn't usually cause obesity, but rather excessive carbohydrates."
"""FIFA expose film on Sepp Blatter altered with comments from FIFA to avoid controversy"""
I feel like I'm the only one without a data cap.
I'd like to hear his side of the story before deciding if he did desert his post... cant really say what the truth is at this point.
How did Vietnam go for you?
"""Picture of A Goose"" coming September 2014."
":/, nothing but :/"
Yo what the
Agreed.
"So, did this trailer blow COD's trailer out of the water like the devs claimed it would?"
LG has said by 3rd Quarter there will be a software update to add WiFi.
"But Aragorn was a man, and he gained ground on them..."
"Got the same video card as you, I've got the problem."
M'hoe
Either OP lives in 268A or just burgled/murdered the people in 268A.
Stage one - shock and denial.
"Yeah, you don't want to see the REST of it."
make africa great atlast?
Did not see all of the other CP members calling him out on that?
You're trivializing sexual abuse by referencing it where it has no place or parallel all for the sake of bullshit shock value.
re-read what you typed
This guy gets it.
Its actually really nice and will bring way more people here!
"Yeah, Mr Habs is awesome and always has highlights up every night very quickly."
A sword that doubles as a pen.
One of the most fun times I ever had on Facebook was when my Aunt who had polio shut down an anti vaxxer talking shit about the polio vaccine.
I can't believe that was a real person and not just a really devoted troll/roleplayer.
It basically starts 11 hours and 40 minutes from now
Indubitably.
Steelers are the 2nd best team in the AFC.
Was it LegacyPvP
Forg1ven did well on Origen but his team did horrible and he was kicked afterwards.
Thank you ^ ^
Whatever the highest bidder told me to say.
Or to make a cutting joke about a girl who did nothing to deserve it?
Just because it needs to be done doesn't mean you talk about it on the campaign trail.
They were off in the details but then they were on in the game and the input lag is REAL.
I was curious about more interesting/unconventional options :)
"Debug it while its running in VS and pause it when it seems unresponsive, see what its idling on."
Just print the damn thing!
0:57 is when it gets magical
Based mods.
I don't really know what he is doing...
"Alright boys I need you to do what I say, shut the fuck up, and not think for yourselves."
"Lol just chillin with the little four banger going ""WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH"""
Abortion wouldn't be much better for the child anyways.
Because his smile is responsible for the shrinking polar ice caps.
it is... :( My life is a cruel jape.
I'd rather he go to Eugene than Purdoo.
"he was tearing it up last night, well deserved."
"As I said, this is a bad idea, since any exam course will have very limited coverage compared to the real world."
I think he meant he served the sauce he already made over rice.
The databases schools use to access academic research and publications are horrendous compared to Google.
"Yep, and given that they're a parliamentary republic, the PM holds more sway than the President, whose role in more ceramonial and unifying."
Well....what does he do at work to pass the time?
2 is something I still screw up a lot
I got stick legs so I'm good
"Did mine online, took a couple of minutes."
Added.
"A mop with neon lights, and tons of deep bass music coming from somewhere in the middle of it."
I hope you're not in Britain because that fetish is probably on the banned list
Wicked is good
"This game is balanced around fucking with the top .01% of players and a big ""fuck you"" to everyone else."
dat resolution
Okay.
That's sexy.
But none of them can be called physical objects like a relic is supposed to be.
His ego is so huge and his head is so high in the clouds he doesn't even need legalized weed.
"Hopefully, I wouldn't consider it dlc really though, it's more like Minecrafts ""updates""."
GOD VS MAN.
I was making a joke about how we don't need to enter Syria to change their name to something crappier
"Vortex viper pst, and I'm probably doing something wrong lol..."
And this is why we need this to be experimented on smaller scale so that we could identify main parameters which affect the thrust.
well now i know you're not british
do you mean m16a4?
You know to flush again without having to lift the seat up?
"""All permanents target player controls become tapped"" would be in flavour for Black, and appropriately costed, and achieve the effect that RoboRosewater seems to ""want""."
Only in Wild.
"Dimwit Mitt, the trolling shit."
We'll keep him here in America- but only on the condition that you take back Piers Morgan indefinitely.
Cool blog post.
Yes and it's often not in their interests to start competing with each other on price.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHANo
"For some reason the topic of this article is so stupid my mind translated it to ""I knew the debate was over when Donald Trump was up"" ... Then I read the first few lines and realized I trolled myself."
"shhh, no tears"
You have to prove that a god exists before you can start discussing who's right and who's wrong.
"Its a fucking movie, who cares"
where do i buy !
I think pool party is better than Laine
"So, let's hear about those shoes too..."
"Just an FYI, it's hanging in the rafters but Marino's number isn't retired"
God keep our laaaannnndd
"Whoa I didn't know that gave extra rolls as well, neat."
Probably one of the best lines of 2016 IMO.
"No, but neurology and psychiatry prove it isn't."
"Honestly don't know, I guess we were just compatible."
I argued with a troll.
"Reinforcements won't give experience, so try to kill some of the ones that are already on the map for exp."
Intel Celron 733?
I have a set of George III Pennies and half Pennies I'm collecting and this one happens to be like THE penultimate example.
"So if you buy this camera, does the company own the content or something?"
insturctions unclear players in my game are already disabled
The responses here make me feel sick to my stomach... Makes me want to shoot myself in the face just for sharing a gender with these creepy motherfuckers.
*gloopy* is the perfect adjective to describe mayonnaise
Glued it to a piece of aluminum and shaped it properly.
*rubs stylus over flair
Can you imagine driving by there and suddenly there's 7 pay phones?
I see someone has been playing The Binding of Isaac recently..
No it doesnt
Same here
John is a MESS!
The Rayo Vallecano of England?
Pretty sure they can't claim ignorance if they've been told it's happening though.
What is with the E-25 drivers ramming everything?
Or they all have intimidate
Go read the manga
Duck call.
Cooper is not mediocre and was not brought in to be depth
that's just the acid
"Jesus Christ, man."
Until
"Oh shit, just got dusty up in here."
You're weird dude.
"Nah mate, they are only left-wing if he likes what they publish."
And then they made ToL a limited time effect.
Well I don't think that's the same since a condom *is* being insisted on and you are talking about a person with an active disease vs the small chance of impregnating a girl.
He fixed it after I told him that my family were all WASPs.
"If you're under 30, and still against gay marriage in Canada, you're ... special."
310 0030
This is pretty fake seeing as it completely disregards their middle evos.
There problem is that Raybans used to be A LOT cheaper.
"Same here, but there also hasn't been ANY merchandise of Wario in this outfit."
He's coming man.. We are in the position Miami was in 2010.
You said that already.
I always wind up worrying about whether I will have enough battery life left
"I knew they won two cups, just wasn't sure which year, so that makes 90 the oilers I'm pretty sure."
I'd like a weekly hr zone goal.
"Well it's not like administering the current complex welfare system doesn't cost anything, so that's a start."
Invading a sovereign country is not against the Geneva convention lol
This post was AzmoDrunk... Close.
"100 ping isn't bad at all, lol if you die with that ping all the time it's not the game punishing you for ""high"" ping but for being bad"
...... Terrence Ross gives me nightmares as a clipper fan.
How do you think Barney and Betty feel?
Y... you're a honey nut scooter.
Doesn't he say this every year?
I mean it's a deck
And his brother P.O.O.
Shitty cropping with annoying text ruins it for me.
There is more Than that in milk
"I do believe the garlic bread is done honey, go fetch me some refrigerator pillows!"
That kid in the background has the face of someone who lives this insanity every day and prays for the mercy of death.
"Yes, but this scenario can be relevant if you conquer decadent pops or if they migrate to your empire."
QFX5100-48T
Are you Turkish mate?
Dude I love beta testing!
"*Mushrooms*, by the sound of it."
"The non-fatlogic version would be ""PCOS turns salad into fat... when that salad has been drowned in 600 calories of ranch dressing, cheese, bacon bits, croutons and chicken."""
There was a complete line but a few jumped away.
^([citation needed])
You'll get nothing and thank me for the opportunity.
Oh... Now I get it
Pulling out is a concept that could only work in combat.
Mmm happiness
No prob :P
"Most of them were deists, but I know that many of them hated christians."
"For those who are wondering, it is in an apartment that got repainted, the painter didn't mask any outlets when he removed the covers."
"Yeah, but he also gets stabbed in bar fights and doesn't give a fuck."
No?
Everyone says they used boxes to knock her out but for me she dodged every attempt after the first drop
Some have dogs rather than cats.
"No, I meant to get your blood checked for the drugs."
"Gangplank, Anivia, Nidalee"
"It's 207,106; where is your God now?"
"This is my favorite type of Halloween costume, the skin colored Latex/tissue paper always is the most realistic to me."
Or when the person on the other end hangs up and it goes immediately to a dial tone.
Where is this please?
Kane: The girl named Candy from last nights party
"That's amazing, how did their IVs turn out?"
BARRY!
Green looks awfully white on their picture....
It's back right away.
Never before have I wanted two movies to be made so badly.
:'(
Umm did we just watch the same game?
8-7!
"""The bomb has been planted."""
So what was it?
"Sorry, don't accept shipping offers."
NANA is a cheating WHOOORE!
"Those are beautiful, and look really well made."
"""I DID NOT STEAL, I DID NOT"""
Talk to the mods.
same
NOT
OP delivered.
Haha the 'sick references' is hilarious
"I am sure someone will provide an answer soon but, if not, I get mine tomorrow and will follow up to let you know if I have luck with that mode."
Well at least I can adblock any relevant ad that might generate them revenue..
Creo que si.
Actually in the end you should see if you can get yourself intubated as an experiment to see what level of distraction it would take to get you not to want to pull that tube out.
"Just think of the economic costs, building up everything in the north... Thw differences are SO much greater than West and East Germany was."
Winner winner here.
"Wait, rice is a carb?"
She tries so hard
"I'm partial to ""Guys Who Play Pretty Well"""
"If I had that word played against me, I'd just pack it in and never play again."
OK.. But that doesn't negate the fact that target shooting is a use for gunpowder guns.
Damn I can't believe I've never hear did this before
ok well maybe if he actually played civcraft but he doesn't so why would he care?
"Have lots of kids, be a good father/mother, patriot, gun owner and stay in good shape."
Cornell within single digits down 58-50 with 9:57 to go
Konami doesn't even do FIFA...
"Come back and let us know how you do, I'll be praying for ya."
La tentazione sarebbe forte...
Instant buy
Don't forget the eye bleach.
ohhh they hope so
"Start all the businesses I've got on my list, build myself a massive art deco skyscraper for the HQ of my empire(with a secret club in the basement), buy every single piece of real estate that was for sale, destroy the stock market... All that fun stuff ya know."
Name those countries that house US military bases and have a border with Russia.
"fgas, careful"
Wait 20 years
*99% percentile FTFY
The Islanders approve as well :)
"Yeah, I mean I wouldn't mind getting Lady Loki last minute, the problem is just that until then I'm stuck with Garbage Man and Wasp as my only fighters which if I understand other threads right makes getting Angela pretty difficult."
"Harley is actually one that is enjoyable in the New 52, as for earlier I can't really tell you, my expertise isn't up to par here."
Wow My first gilded post is about someone on a gold rampage Glorious
Or eyelashes
Quickly.
"Easy, just train the island monkeys to harvest fruit for you!"
The Alt-Left: no such thing exists.
Don't correct someone if you don't know how to spell it either.
Donaldson to the Jays convinced me to go ahead and invest in a PTBNL jersey in that gold jersey
"Healed my first mythic at 815, many wipes but we got them all down after that."
JEFF JESUS
"I just can't believe the Islanders did this... oh wait that's right, it's Garth Snow"
My new favorite is Randolph the deaf reindeer.
Really only 2.7%?
Ain't photoshop bwoi!
A hot emotionless robot.
but.. but... ambiguous sources don't lie!
"""I will kill this animal... unless you buy it."""
"It's also garage space, I have got the funds to expand it larger, I might if I could connect it to a PC account so I could potentially play it on another format other than my PS4"
Colin Powell because he's smart and bipartisan.
Does Jason always talk about Kmart?
I think that Scripture specifically says that women shouldn't be ordained.
The single class taunts are in the 1 key range already.
blueshellmasterrace
"I meant more the 25% in one year vs 43% in a decade but yes, thats a good comparison"
How did u fix it if I may ask
Or personal experience of millions and millions of people.
"still trying to figure out what ""NP"" means?"
some magazine stores will carry the ProCycling and Velo News tour guides.
It's an option
The Hail Mary Miracle?
The tackle wasn't illegal.
Did both of these happen at the same time?
Gtx680
His impression is spot on.
Was it?
Are there any Beatles left?
"This works for me, and it saves you having to exit the game."
"Ivan is awesome, you don't have to worry about Ivan."
"""Very few men in my life have resisted the temptation to have sex with me"" A lot can be said by the quality of people you keep."
dem some prettylittlebraids
History
"Heh, no wonder people quote the Bible so much in fiction; its full of awesome pieces like this!"
How'd he end up encased?
It's not good.
A good actor.
Game would of died long ago.
Almost everyone would lose a lot of money.
"She's too hot for him, she's cheating on him right now!"
"""ho, ho, ho this is restricted airspace go away or you will be put on the naughty/lockon list"""
Tate will be the champ at 125 if she loses to Rousey.
"Nobody doesn't agree he didn't deserve to go to jail, people are defending his sentence because it's sexual assault not rape, and that's not semantics it's a massive difference."
Keep BCA Berry ;)
"I get it, I dont watch a few anime based on my preconceived notions of their content, and to spite some toxic fans."
The next thing on your todo list.
If you don't need to help more then 70mph it will work fine
Did you know about the electroshock/aversion therapy that used to be used there when you were a part of it?
It's said that the people of the outside world do.
"Not from a movie, but that Face-Stealer thing from Avatar: The Last Airbender, that freaked my shit out."
"Between this and MoS, I really want to take a fine tooth comb through Snyder's entire filmography."
The text under Admiral Ackbar memes.
But neither is acceptable.
What's your favorite genre of music?
They are all post dark ages?
I'm so sorry for your loss :(
Heart attack after a supermodel orgy.
*innit
"If you enjoy the game now, just wait until you upgrade your PC lol."
"In the early morning hours, the kittens rise to the surface to feed."
Brazil won the bid for the Olympics before the World Cup was held.
It's nobody's job to protect you from being a dumbass but your own.
"Truth, this seems like a good way to put a wrench in it from outside the area."
Freevee
Remender?
Instances... like everyother game ever.
Add in $120 a month for broadband and cable or streaming services.
"If Isles fans cared half as much about their team winning as they do about the Rangers losing, maybe they'd actually fill the arena"
AND IT IS ALL OVER!
Stables have amazing ROI if you have 4+ pasture resources.
I thought those were Cecily and Kyle on the PSA...
He is a Spur white walker who infiltrated our team.
reports received
How?
"It will be emailed to you after the tournament, as long as you participate."
"Ahh, ok, thanks!"
Thinking bout that A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$
Guys that was a: ~~Hit from behind~~ ~~Hit to the head~~ ~~Hit by a borderline player (wtf is this) that the league is trying to remove from the game~~ ~~Hit deserving of suspension~~ Hit deserving of a ridiculous overreaction that causes the clean hitting player to get hurt in a fight.
Yeah Florida is already number 48 or something out of 50.
"XPLJESUS does shitpost a lot, but he has indeed posted a fair amount of legitimate info too."
Tits or ass?
peace
"Predator: ""I didn't kill you by luck, but i killed you with skill"""
Then that could be creepy.
And yet... individuals and companies are who helped him.
"I honestly wonder, how did you find a 13 hour old post which got almost no attention?"
Does she see the irony of being a Democrat protesting the election in front of a statue of Civil War era Republican President Abraham Lincoln...
"I saw, ""Here we go"" and ""This is it""."
"Google ""tear sticks* Also, there are conditioning/association techniques."
burned.cfg
He means EU guys Kappa
And his magnificent buttocks.
"32, 33 next month"
Or has issues with form that she wants to correct on an easy weight.
Allegedly.
What they accomplished was truly remarkable #NBAhistory
I agree wholeheartedly :)
"Lol at biased title, suck it up or install the mod to show the dialogue options."
"French Micronesia is there and lots of other small islands, plus during the ice age the sea was WAY, WAY lower than it is no so lots of submerged islands would have been around as well."
"You should be able to mount .50 cal in front of your shops, in case of smash and grab."
"*exactly* ""up to"" is keyword for BS"
Or we could all just start playing Sarcastaball.
if there any justice in the world shes gonna end up like the girl that was climbing on a bridge and ended up getting fried on a high voltage wire.
Anyone with a brain ditched their Xbone after MCC.
"Agreed, no butt stuff for sure."
"Huh, I thought according to Betteridge's law the answer was ""no."""
It surely looks that way.
Such statements by prominent Muslims do more for Hindu-Muslim harmony in India than all the exhortations of the self styled seculars.
"Oh Lord, the sledging opportunities this summer .."
"Yes, dress codes should absolutely take into consideration scientific evidence and medical expertise."
Can you give me a source on that?
FALSE
"Don't be week hands, be a man."
Is the 10 gigs for 2 lines also bumped up to 20 to follow suit?
Emerald Dream bro.
"Could say the same for a lot of religions out there, but spirituality and faith are too complicated and too interwoven into peoples lives to just dismiss as irrelevant, even if you think it's bullshit"
I couldn't take watching Trumbo's defense in the outfield.
I don't know how many chromosomes are in a cell but at least I know that the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
"Please don't, I don't want your phone in my way."
"How about the US put its military on hold for an hour and boom, problem solved."
However a mercy and widow kill a single winston before he can kill her.
I am pretty sure nothing in the Qualcomm chip world is free.
both
Holy shit someone gets my point.
For being so stupid?
Yes it was
"Cool, sounds fun!"
You are a person of weak constitution if this is your reaction to an election that will likely have zero impact on you.
definitely achievable natty
This post could have been dark...
If you download aid64 it should provide diagnostic info
Read previous reply
"*""Dammit Frank i told you to take next exit, not this one""*"
Nicer too imo
"I had to remove it from my phone, it was a choice between hearthstone and ZERO other apps, or 15+ apps and no hearthstone."
Same.....
Shut the fuck up
It is an event to raise awareness and empower kids to make a change in the world.
"She might be of European descent, but I don't think it's something of great importance"
"I like the way you think, very high energy, if you ask me."
TBH listen to asher hour or maybe it was jeff show with asher on it about that.
Unless those pins get damaged/bent in an accident.
I love it when I luck children in the bass
Wrote ya
1 and 5 look the best to my eye
This post isn't offensive enough OP
Hows the community?
"Unless you are going to college as a 30 yr old, yes it is an ideal time to get fit."
South bay area... not even a house here that is that cheap
That single negative review is retarded in several ways.
i saw it happen!
Do you think 0 hackers want these leaks rn or something?
"So hot, I luv me sum men in diapers...amirite?"
Likely solved
It went to Splinter Cell: Conviction.
To be honest I was more excited for Star Wars than I was for Christmas lolol.
You're the best.
"Stalin died while in power, did recent college grads have anything to do with it?"
Upvote for Firewatch Wallpaper.
"Not really, considering it's nearly 2am for me"
"if it is as close as the bernie election, with as much of the substantiated issues, then absolutely go for a recount."
"People have different taste in games get over yourself, people are going to enjoy this game no matter how upset it makes you."
"Non so far, absolutely no information ;~;"
You obviously don't even know what fat is.
"If it's a park, go to the Parks tab of the Services screen and similarly for the rest of the services."
Yall make some good points.
News... On paper?
r/theydidthemonstermath
That's a hell of stretch from what he actually wrote in the letter.
"Yeah, before taxes in my case :)"
"yes, we have a balance patch meant for lv50 already applied for whatever reason without having cap 50, 50 will balance things out alot better, i dont play asia enough to know if its completly well balanced, but its better than the mess we currently have"
So has there been a tv show or movie based on this or is this the first?
Definitely Daniel.
Trump: really high walls
"Yeah, only the most horrible abomination would dump good tea to waste."
Well memed.
OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG
"[](/rsunsetfacehoof) It's 'infidel', you Philistine!"
The epitome of button-spamming.
#FUKUNAMI
Wow this conversation evolved quite a bit.
Showbiz.
"Auch, I do not think vee brought enough body bags"
"I agree, sorry you're getting downvotes"
"That would explain why a majority of the articles are terrible, and the rest are simply ""meh""."
"THe Ranch Club in Missoula, MT."
I think it brought attention to his probation.
"That's not so much ""use their hands to break the fall,"" and more ""have their arms accidentally get in the way of them falling."""
Very good point as well.
NO NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
STAY INDOORS THIS WEEKEND UGA PLAYERS.
"Oh, I saw you pee."
It's all fun and games until storm front &amp;/or the KKK likes their status message.
"I didn't make the video, just discovered it and posted it lol"
"Yeah, maybe I could try that:)"
Soon enough that will be a theme marathon.
He sure does.
The glass fountain...
Still more organized than mine
Yay now I can focus on finishing the loa set without having to worry about rf
Posts on my timeline.
As much as I don't want to admit this...
Aurelion sol with stars?
Looks like it was made in HS computer graphics class
"""Scrappy"" players only."
"it is the way it works in everything else, example, real madrid has a B team on their 2nd division, (Call it NACS) that team can be the champion of their division but they cant reach LCS as long as real madrid is there."
Thabo baited the officer into hitting him with a baton and breaking his leg by being Black.
"No problem man, thanks anyways."
"""defiantly"""
"I mean they keep violating Greek Air Space and waters so perhaps we can do that too, spread a little freedom on the air above Constantinople :P"
"Jareth and his tight pants live on for eternity, obviously!"
Haha well done Seinfeld...
"I would like to point out that Pope Francis is Roman Catholic, and obviously not an authority figure to all Christians."
"Yeah, I was a high school lacrosse player when there seemed to be a string of these sorts of things, and parents were scared shitless."
"Because that's where PPD leaves his drafts, he forgot to bring it to the Frankfurt Major though."
[](/trixiesad)Trixie knows gaining that weight wouldn't help her.
"I know this is a really old post that I stumbled upon randomly, but my birthday is also 8/31 o.0"
"They aren't fed up with the gov't, they are raging about a drug dealer who was shot by police when he shot at them."
"He's obviously joking, nobody uses #modelstatus seriously"
Blue as fuck.
"This fucking guy, you'd swear he's sad that Bayern isn't an English team the amount he talks about them."
@shitty_hood_posts_
"He, and a guy trapped in Sens Fortress, who sells advanced spells once freed."
June 7th...
"""... he has already elected...."" voter fraud, how many times did he vote?"
Only if they gave me the option to get a refund instead.
It has a sub for the later questing hub but I can't remember if it looks like this
"It's cleaner than most Econofitnesses I've been to, that's for sure."
Upvote for blinkys and woo woos
"It wasn't ""Chicken Parm you taste so good""?"
no
"Your wall needs to be much higher, son."
"There's choreography in all movie fights, what do you mean?"
"Please, enlighten us by telling what YOU believe is actual journalism or journalistic websites."
that's the money shot!
"Empathy for the oppressed, duh shitlord."
Bibs don't do much in terms of covering the chest area.
Magic Oven 0.025/10.
Hmm that sounds about right...
Would've called him out and then told him to leave.
"Photons are probably introduced to explain the photoelectric effect, which is sometimes taught at quite a low level."
Chad is a douche bag name.
"Yea, this describes where I'm at as well."
which is a shame because pauper really doesn't do it for me and regular EDH is too spendy to make more decks in
[](/bjshake)
itt: generalizing people.
Do... Do I get to play with my own boobs?
They can keep him though.
Nice lookin' door.
I think actionscripted is referring to glyphicons which just uses a sprite sheet.
Nice MeMeTM
"Oh yes, Crash tag team racing:) so much fun!"
"Minions on bridge (enemy) + princess on tower (defence) = no enemy damage done, princess untouched."
"I'm nervous Thank God for alt accounts I'm gonna push it, wish me luck!"
"Well that's one way you guys are lucky, I suppose."
Its even worse when you have a foot injury and are limping to the door and have to just stare them down as your try to limp faster but it hurts too much.
So... what is Razer Synapse exactly?
People seem to think assassin means you are in and out without anyone knowing.
"President Trump has nothing Canadian about him, 100% American through an through."
"And drugs ... just say ""no""."
"This is great, did you make it?"
Every beer procedural
"I agree, but I feel like Bolton will be dealt with before LF gets to him."
Apple; creating artificial opportunities to look innovative by fixing problems they alone have created.
I'm a penguin.
"If youre ok with porting out and be without service for a bit, you can go and try to activate the cricket phone already since all you need is the phone number and the order number"
Where does the ad say that it's from rain?
Correcting people when they're wrong is not harassment.
oh i know they're the same person it just sounded like the haise personality came back for a bit and is the reason cell doors opened
For you.
"I always found the tear drop sound effect hilarious, it's so out of place."
The polls are the only things that matter to the Clinton Campaign
"Fairly backwards, in my opinion."
Wow.
Yes giving other people a chance is killing the world.
Yeah what is everyone talking about
"Since some of these women were so easily identified, The National Enquirer better have its shit together on this one, and I think they probably do."
"This won't get the attention it deserves but the fact does remain, blasts are more common in this general part of the world."
"""Down votes"" bitch where"
Insubordinate and churlish
"You know this is Arizona, right?"
Screw you I want to try surstromming.
You are so tall the lack of Oxygen is affecting your brain.....
"Sorry, I don' get it, what happened?"
Empanadas for me bro.
#EXPOSED
Excellent advice thanks
They are so hard to find with manual tranny over here :(
"It's it not opposite day, no."
Kulcha movie.
Our D has just read too much quantum physics lately.
"He definitely says ""big league"", but for the record ""bigly"" is actually a real word."
Stake your d chain
"Will certainly consider it, but atm I'm focused on seeing if the numbers are too high."
and their legs taste great sauteed in garlic and butter /a frenchman
It seems all the girls are bringing up the behind by finding a parents piece of clothing.
Spicegirls VNV Nation Regina Spector Fleshfield
"Eat broccoli, because in broccoli there live imps and during the night the imps will climb out of the broccoli and mine the fat off your ass."
"Yeah, it was obvious it was staged, but I still found it a clever joke."
its nor for 6.8 but for 6.9
What sort of custom jobs?
And wholesale coaching changes
Let's work on spelling three letter words before we confuse him with high level concepts like periods.
"Tried to make a mad paintball map a while back, never got to finishing it but i had really good progress"
They have something like a 3-5 second arming time.until they can detect vehicle movement.
Does the caterpillar inform the butterfly?
Hmmm... These comments kinda smell like vote-manipulation!
Mine did this last night as well...
An apostrophe is used after an acronym to symbolize it's a plural and not part of the acronym: RPGs can be misconstrued as R.P.Gs.
They're still doing the Harambe thing in PHX?
I always suspected that women weren't real...
Real lack of Transformation no?
Well I guess Eli finally threw his first td tonight
that cat's ugly af
"your first shot was around 7.29 degrees too far to the right, so it caused half a pellet to miss which resulted in a 250% damage penalty, you also didnt take the windage into account, which may have caused your shots to drift too far either side just get good dude"
"Some ask him about ""Alive""."
Not all states have the castle doctrine.
"I have not read it, but it is brought up and debunked often enough in basically any book that deals with the Soviet-German war."
HAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHA
"with the population density of China, if they had guns it would be a lot worse."
"They moved out, ahhh"
There's always money in the ~~banana stand~~ jew tree.
"her skirt is perfect right now, it's getting out of butt's way :D"
How many corpses are floating in your bay?
"TIL Americans don't celebrate ""The fourth of July"" but rather ""July fourth"""
Well really we do that just to fuck with them.
Don't forget their holy capitol in Oregon... the Malhauer bird refuge.
I look amazing in sweaters
"Absolute control of guns, so probably a no-prep batman"
"Legit points, yet there's no mention of the only MMO that is the definition of a successful subscription model while keeping up constant player retention and an unbroken rise in subscriber numbers since its launch: EVE Online."
"It means that religions aren't arbitrarily targeted, not that they are above the law."
Au dente
Any better than the Detroit Little Caesar's?
Only if it's legitimate trauma.
Didnt you know that avoiding fights and cancelling TPs was the best grand final ever?
"There was a meme in one of the conservative reddits saying that prisons are the ultimate socialist/leftists/liberal utopia's because only the guards/police have guns, everyone is given ""free"" healthcare, three meals a day and has unlimited leisure time."
Badass
Taurus?
Thank you
O
"""gbps_tit_s"" in the link provided"
"Growing more unified everyday against the Presidential nominee with five kids from three wives, but not because of any puritanical 1950s bullshit like you're trying to peddle"
Macy's Gwinnett Place Mall near Atlanta
I know :)
Way too long
who the fuck stares at their radar waiting to see if a cop is about to run into my fire.
LMAO
"'I've been twerkng on bats my whole life..."""
"Welcome aboard, matriot."
The last two qualifying rounds can be interesting as well in august
"2090; 770 CR 750 M 570 W I don't know if I should take it again, since colleges don't really care about the writing section, and that's where I made all my mistakes, even if my overall score was pretty low."
Does the UCLA not lobby at all?
So it's all about men?
"Some big important money and influence behind Rand Paul, he gets lots of mentions in the propaganda, I say he is more of a lab rat testing ideas on the voting public, thus all the changes in his views."
seriously look at the kinda cash people spend on a single component for a PC rig
who?
"If you expanded on this and made a new post, I feel like people would upvote the shit out of it."
Because we aren't just another failed middle eastern state.
"Or, OP is the driver and photographer."
"seriously America, what the fuck."
Paul Thomas Anderson
I could really go for a good Christmas toke.
It hasn't scarred me just yet but my workplace was robbed while i was there yesterday.
"Buzzwords make you look like a child here, if someone isn't familiar with proxy connections, they shouldn't be here."
"Can't tell if semi racist, bluntly honest, or calling obama gay."
lol Shows what a joke the UN is.
"isn't this witch-hunting by having his profile in the description, or should i be downvoted for thinking differently?"
Israel should stop talking and starting shit.
Wtf is frankie's?
Kind of expected that fat kid slamming down the bully.
Overmemed Devastator.
"Everyone has a boner for Watson but I think he will be a bust Clemson just a school filled with talent and it makes everyone look good as a unit, not in other systems"
Ask your director
You're welcome.
Don't buy a single stack carry gun for home defense.
The Swamp Room is the finest of the bars in the New Orleans metropolitan area.
The imaginary devs in the SJWs minds.
Fish sticks and custard.
Because the song is great on its own merits?
"You live a productive and law abiding life for 40 years, but you kill one man... yeah it takes one time fuckup to change things."
But Jack ain't real
"We put stuff on your eyelids that leaves residue, I doubt you were crying."
"With friends like these, etc etc"
savage
*sigh* I guess Seattle played pretty well in SB 48.
Gowdy sure is a sweaty coward..
Terrifying to imagine running into one of these in the wild.
"The swagnum, as I like to call it."
"Hmm... would love to, but I charge $100.00 an hour plus expenses..."
Seeing the Original Trilogy Rebel fleet and original x-Wings in amazing modern CGI is so awesome.
Part of their fundraising strategy is to allow you to purchase your own gravestone with any saying you desire (within reason.)
yup and women in burkas are...?
Stellar work!
XtremeAlfred
"But Na only had 2 teams playing, it could have been 1-2 which would be bad (though not as bad, obviously)."
That would put the cat amongst the pigeons when people saw how many men had been cuckolded.
"Thanks, Obama."
"Damn, if I was still 7 y/o she'd be up almost an hour past my bedtime (if it was a school night)."
Yeah that wouldn't work in soccer - players would get exponentially more tired to cover more space
Noooo ;__;
"trust me, if it was still there reddit would have never let it go"
Did dat ref jus call dat foul
Why don't people just cook for themselves and save the money if they aren't wealthy tho?
#BlackMarketsMatter
"From what I've heard about Mailstore, it's exactly what I need except I'm on Linux and OS X :-("
Does anyone really have to say it?
Passive indifference from downtown Vancouver
"Funny, I thought it ran on the finger grease that all of it's controllers attracts so readily."
you will have to message a mod from the sidebar... :)
I think it's something like 10% of your current money to a max of 1k
Might be time to see if your netbook truly is Skype-worthy then.
"What's wrong with compromise, I know I can't leave my girl at home all day without some activity, maybe try a dog friendly hike in the am then when the pooches are nice and tired and nice dinner out for you 2."
"How is this worse than having a seizure while you're plummeting towards the ground from 10,000ft in the air?"
"To be fair, at least they are still trying to persuade instead of ""forgetting"" their BC pills."
Cats would sound like Alan Rickman.
Arrieta is getting 30 wins next year guaranteed
there's always ultraporn
The Greatest Movie Ever: The Movie II
Thanks for the info but I may not be able to juggle my studies and full time work sorry.
"I have to do my ""actual"" work first, but I think I have an idea of how to do it..."
"Mods can't change the alert notices, unfortunately."
this sub is full fags that think they are funny
Coloring Book wasn't that great in my opinion.
"You make claims, back them up with proof."
And this is the key issue I have with many Canadian voters nowadays; they very clearly demonstrate a complete lack of knowledge and understanding of how parliamentary democracy works.
Wouldn't it be better to just... shut them down?
AKA Hitlery?
You gamers are the bitchiest group of people I've ever encountered.
That dog looks like a vagrant getting a shower after years on the street.
"Supplies, massive amounts of points spent on urugans..."
D for dancing a jig
jesus once told me i should kill myself
"It would truly depend on how ugly and overweight she was, and how awesome of a personality she had... I've known a few friends who started to date uglier women with awesome personalities, and after some time, the women started to lose weight and look better."
"You're still having sex with a partner, that doesn't change just because you pull it out and rub it out."
"There are no customs charges for goods bought from the UK, though (at least not until they bail out of the EU, anyway... :v )."
Oh god...
~~Too few tractors on the undock for that to be true.~~
WE ARE ENTERTAINED !
Except EULAs have basically been universally proven worthless in regards to legal value in courts.
"I think it's better to have a choice whether to risk your life or not, rather than don't have it."
Honest question - then why do you feel you get labeled as that?
Ray's doing something right.
"Look up Smartbones, they make a ton of treats that chew like rawhide but are much better for your pup!"
"Yeah, I was wondering how long until something was manufactured to bring it back somehow."
"Do you ever think it its not a good risk, seeing as property can be replaced but life cannot?"
Are all the parts supposed to fall off?
ALL YOUR CASTLE ARE BELONG TO US
People find this funny?
"No, he really isn't..."
Video source will do
Jebron Lames
They're anything but fair.
ok for the sake of typing lets end the discussion XD
"I was pretty into the 2015 design, not as much this one."
"its a pretty ok yoyo, not worth $200 imo"
Please try to remain civil.
Bazinga!
"pm me, I know someone in the program you can message on linkedin that can give you first hand experience"
Yeah i could never really understand why some people thought the rifts god rays were worse and why other people thought the vives was worse.
"Aah ok, fair enough."
give source or it's shitpost
All laws should expire every 25 years unless renewed by 50% of the legislature.
It's not tagging it he wrote it on his own folder.
holy jesus this music
You have to let the fight *marinate*.
"Both Mercury and Jupiter seem to be the favorites of the party, honestly."
"Well.. at least they didn't force her into an institutional school, rape her regularly as a child, then deny it and cover it up for years."
Nice serial
Is it that time already?
"be aware combat bonds are bugged and and some times you get no money, have fun !"
Gender is not sex.
"is it better or worse to change it to a ""little bit""?"
His raw drug tested powerlifting total hasn't been beaten since 1995.
"You realize she's 73, right?"
"One-click overclocks are a gimmick, IMO - they don't actually get the system to its' actual top overclock, just to one that has been pre-set by the mobo manufacturer as mostly safe."
Love it!
What's voidspace?
I can only imagine the size of the chicken buckets at their KFC
"4 is pretty rare except they are way BTA, common is to sell 2 for 7 so you get one for 3 and one for 4."
"if there are scorch marks on the back, then yes unfortunately"
try/catch/finally all the way.
"Not a mistake but when I hear the Wilhelm scream, I totally lose any immersion into the movie or TV show."
Corona
It's a finisher car!
"Abby Lee Miller taught me a lot about Pittsburgh's dance schools in the first 4 seasons of Dance Moms and she also taught me that Cathy, the Wicked Witch of Ohio, is a fucking bitch"
"I mean, consensus is a form of decision."
oh lawdy
I'm a dentist!
I'm not sure on that gun...most game/movie guns turn out to be crap (with the POSSIBLE exception of JG's Dragon rifle).
He seemed so awkward and fake at the car wash discussing air fresheners in a dad sweater.
Sad
"For the keyboard make sure that you know about the different kinds of mechanical switches, then pick which one you think you would like, not just whichever one is most popular."
"Neither, pick ATP."
"Patchy sideburns and goatee, but they won't meet:( It's very sad."
"let the games begin, and may the odds be ever in your favour."
Actually playing the game for fun is much more glamorous than watching corporation employees play on TV.
"Same goes for the drake of blades, loved her character"
"IDK I moved from my 1080 IPS to my new TN Dell S2716DG and honestly, maybe it's because it matters little to me since i don't do any video/picture work, but the colors and everything have been just about the same when I compare the two."
do da bad ting
this is the reason I bought all physical books about JA when I first realized that media was flipping on him hard
Look up the definition of accident in the dictionary and then get back to me.
"Soon, all bonehead bench players will be sitting for the National Anthem."
Authoritarians act pretty much the same despite being right or left economically.
Random dead pixels.
Found the theist
"They probably had Louis C. K. ready to go as an alternative, forcing Colbert and his agency to accept a smaller compensation package."
You are still a good person.
ah :)
A towel is just about the most massively useful thing you can carry.
"They really want to be able to say you left because you're a sinner, rather than any kind of issue with the beliefs of the church."
That keyboard takes me back to my high school days.
"I like how he looks as if he was giving him the fist, but turned into a thumbs up XD"
"Laying on the couch, watching Netflix on my xbox, I wanted to change the show, but the remote was *just* out of arms reach, so instead I grabbed my phone and spent ten minutes downloading and working out how to use the Xbox remote app."
It can be cookie genocide if you eat them.
Too late
Ill shoot him an email to ask for advice then
"To be honest, I'd probably fuck it up"
It's not really a surprise that he comes out at the end so it's not much of a spoiler.
$27 shipped?
"The lines also appear if I turn computer off, and the monitor searches for signal, so I don't think the computer is at fault :("
121 1014
He was a vegan and promoted animal rights!
I was hoping for a similarity to a vamp or werewolf in the elder scroll games.
I'm delighted people are recommending the RX480.
hopefully nobody got bitten
"But this is not supposed to be the playboy douchey batman, this is supposed to be the old, jaded and pissed at superman batman."
Humblebubdle store has it for 34~ (atleast few days ago)
really thought it was going to be calling out women using women parts to get upvotes... Just a neckbeard subreddit
Germany's implimentation of this has worked quite well.
"Thats the thing, people like this doesn't think."
sounds like its pretty close to the testicles...
You know you've been on reddit too much when it still makes you chuckle... It's like how everything is funnier with sleep-deprivation.
The hell is wrong with his arm
That I was rented!
If she wants to be friends you don't have to annoy her about a relationship.
Bugger
Fucking trade Granlund
Each time we got it to 11 we had horrible shot selection and turnovers.
Frame Toby - S05E09.
I'm also going to do a better job of keeping my depression under control if I don't do it.
Have you considered running 2 less primus fists for an extra sun forge lancer and spelljammer?
"From what I've heard, no"
At least he doesn't get bacon neck.
its a meme so based on the people involved in the meme Voy or Scarra
"SO would 90 or 120 fps just be absurdly silky smooth, or couldn't I tell at that point?"
Why the hell are they not allowed to say no?
Video games are worth anything.
My girlfriend just farted during sex...
Well it's not like we can all get together in the middle of nowhere and decide who complains on a given day.
"No, this is more like the governor of alabama criticizing obama."
The 'shrooms column symptoms sound more like the acid ones.
"To be honest, Ermac isn't, but after hearing his intro phrase over and over, since he's my brother's favorite, I pieced that together."
Hubba hubba
from memory it was an hour's flight?
"2.5 regen allowed his soul ring to be basically ""free mana"""
Second date with the same girl :)
Year*
"The 5 second stun on his dark form is great for protecting carries, all I can say."
"""Bunny creep"" as my sister and I call it :)"
"Ahhhhhhhhhh Washington, Washington."
Man that WC3 engine is weird sometimes.
One day cash will go cellular too.
Not a minute of therapy required.
Hardly...
So does this.. The first of everything new looks like shit... This will get better.
This is the only question that matters
FitBit.
How many upvotes do requests go for now days?
That is extremely cute
"Well, strap in, baby, because my name is Adam Scott Matthews."
I was introduced as an infant
Billy the Kid was the greatest Charlie Chaplin film of the 20th century.
"Which means that he's correct...all of your blogspam self-posts remain unconfirmed complete bullshit, lies told by a wanna-be hacker (social engineering an old man's password is not ""hacking""), and still NOTHING about this indicates anything criminals by Clinton."
"Snake, bear, crocodile (though technically bear is an omnivore...)"
on the shitter i use alien blue (5s) oddshots load normally.
it's amazing the number of folks that do it though thinking they can get away with it.
"That word....""keys""....I don't know how I feel about that......"
"She's a good cook, but she can be a bit controlling from time to time..."
bless up
One less thing we have to worry about!
"It would not be uncommon, and you have to judge who seems most credible, with anything close to a tie going to the defense because of that reasonable doubt bit."
I'm talking about civilians.
"it's probably not just you, but you do need to realize that cars belong outside, on the roads, along the curb, in NYC, and so on..."
Warwick still does dmg if you QSS him iirc
"fazbear fright auction, because the freddles"
still after hunters for this?
OP is another poor fool in the vema pyramid scheme
"Sorry, I misinterpreted the conversation"
"And in doing the math, next year if I can stay under 35k taxable income ill not hit 25% rate."
Haha same
Yes this is the best legal way.
Common sense dont reals
I saw the guy that made the strain talk at a ted x talk in boulder and there was an even more remarkable story of a kid that went from a few seizures a day to none for 2 years straight.
*lulz yeah i'm putting you on a thursday evening blast
I plan on buying a few extra Slave I's for the same purpose...
What time period does that go back to?
Woooo!
I don't think he did - he mentioned that he was covered in blood but Ron had been asked about it in the past and he said that his lawyer told him to not discuss it until the statute of limitations passed.
Maybe it's just that they all have a common enemy.
Did you just assume the mod's gender?
[Citation Needed]
Retribution for that 18 strikeout game.
shit
I want items!
It's ok... It was just a 55th term abortion.
It looks like the sorting hat after its porn debut.
not for me worked first try
Media talking about Obamas birth to avoid talking about hillarys death
Im amazed you were able to find this thread without someone holding your hand through the clicking process.
"This is so bad, I had to upvote it :P"
Kreygasm
It is known.
Now we are talking!
I was confused as well
So either give their life or stay in a mess that they didn't even create?
Didn't they just give Gragas the Lux treatment with the last patch?
That would be so fucking nice.
"My favourite one was Effie's ""Uh huh huh huh~"" Made me hate her voice even more!"
at least he didn't call the fuzz
This song always makes me incredibly happy.
leviathanathon wrote: Relationships are literally based on rom com plot points.
Then I'm almost there
"Tatsumi, you know Bulat would never approve of you using his armor to peak on a girl"
I don't have words for this nqwkejbfc qoiudbc lhqwebd cohsbdfoib sdf
I stopped by the one in Vacaville and didn't see any raw denim other than some PRPS for $35.
Yeah I think that might be it.
True but I wish they would stick it out or ask me to offer mercy.
"Sometimes the entirety of the teachings people follow can be characterized as evil, and thus those who are good among those followers are the ones who actually aren't following the true teachings of that philosophy but are rather twisting that philosophy to make it more palatable to their sensibilities."
It's a bit ridiculous to get legend with less than 50% winrate anyhow.
"I don't want to ruin anything, but those were the best opening credits ever."
Polls probably closed
hap borfday
"Bingo, it's not reddit I like, it's the people here."
"""No, he's normal."""
still better than overddosing...
The brightest timeline.
o shit this isnt an april fool
Yeah sure keep the pheramosa
"He tweeted today saying he ""felt good"""
Words I lived by when I was in middle school.
"Let's not forget, they effectively PAID the second hacker, thereby making his thieving business all the more lucrative."
Unnecessary fear mongering.
"As a Christian myself, I share your sentiment."
"Easy there, Bill."
"Kristin Chenoweth, March 11th at the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza"
These remind me of 1996 for some reason.
"Well, they fixed the tediousness of the boat and changing wind direction in Wind Waker HD... So if they can fix the tediousness of the Wolf sections and whatever else then I'll give it a shot."
I love how people downvote this...
2edgy
This is the only stat that matters TBH
The walls are always grayer on the other side.
I would say that it's a bit ironic (or whatever it is) since they're on a man made road.
It would be more better if you can buy Snowglobes from MP shop
Hi stumped I'm dad
Sam Newman
"is your weed not helping, maybe change the strain, just be carefull with painkillers.. can't say if you are over empathic or just a troll"
not in the hole thats for sure
I've gotten 0 from 8 runs
But... reddit is a news site with a comment section.
In some areas that probably means no customers.
"I wouldn't say he's salty as much as he is sad, since he stated earlier that S4 was one of the people he wanted to play with the most"
Jealous 49ers fans I bet
honestly.. I wonder if there would be enough interest in donating to a non profit group that goes to small villages in third world countries and neuters dogs.. heh
I think real people can want whatever the fuck they want.
"I feel like I've been lucky, the few I've had have paid attention to my pleasure and tried hard to get me off, the problem for me is I'm generally drunk and tired and just want to sleep.... My bad."
Same
WE HAVE MASSIVE GIRTH
**Ironic we're**
"We all make mistakes, homie."
This is true
You don't have 4th Amendment protections from telcos
"I doubt they would either, therefore we can vote in favor of it, but just because we believe it, doesn't mean it shouldn't be voted on and that we aren't overlooking some issue."
*hath
wat?
I don't think that was a bad call either =)
They still might get even lower.
LOOK AT THIS GUY HE'S GOT A COWORKER!
"As someone who doesn't use a lockscreen, did the update disable the ability to bypass the lockscreen?^**pleasesayno**"
"Disable AV, or it auto scans cuz you used chrome just use Firefox or IE **shudder**"
My favourite album of all time.
Upvote for nostalgic feelings invoked :)
"Cycling is the greatest high, and some of us cyclists sure are addicted."
This is horrible
You can never have enough balls!
Badmouthing isn't fun when you've spent a year building something up
thatsnothowitworks.jpeg
Wraith had a 60% wr Monster players are going to improve ASWELL not just hunters
You guys are hilarious.
If he suddenly got good on defense like Marc did then the same should be said for him too.
How did you know he wasn't handicapped?
HP Gateway Coleco Adam
I know *I* didn't feel like going out dancing after we lost the superbowl.
Thank you.
HOLY LOVE OF PINEAPPLE PIE
4
hot wheels logo looks out of place
Yep.
Only Hodor can call Hodor Hodor.
God damn :(
And here I thought the Portal fortress I made was doing something.
Big Money!
"Hmm didn't know that, thx for the info."
Happy hour?
"jinbe vs crocodile, the battle of ex shicibukai"
"I watch with subtitles and they alerted me to the fart before it happened, literally with the word fart."
I love that you needed to preface that with you not being a fan of cats when it wasn't necessary.
BD with only 8 snares?
Why would less AA ever create a performance cost?
"I smell another Mia Farrow in the making; I could be wrong, but it's a gut feeling."
"Or, how about ""Whoops."""
Blue 2008 40th anniversary kit.
"Tyson Fury, Floyd Mayweather, and Paulie Malignaggi are the funniest to me."
"Kanto trainer shipwrecked in Johto, becomes champion of both regions, gets all 251 mon, now needs to beat e4 so we can go back to PBR"
Where have u been when I crafted all the murlocs?D:
"Results are coming in thick and fast, and are pretty much what I expected, but the opinions on rewards and cog HQs surprised me a little."
We need to lock him up on a 5 year deal asap!
you'd have to be following GG even less than me (and i've paid little attention to it) to know that it wouldn't be brought up in this ama.
"""To reserve space"" Are you confusing encryption with compression?"
"Crysis with HD textures, Crysis 3, Metro Redux, The Witcher 3, GTA V, Rise of The Tomb Raider, Star Citizen(Alpha warning)"
Yep just woke up to it and now installing(Australia)
he means if they can no longer win another presidential election.
Allied Assault had you spawn with a Thompson.
Obviously.
Benespez Cumberedit
"You're either completely delusional, smoke too much weed or 16"
I am pleasantly surprised to hear that being played at AT&amp;T
One thing to school them all
Move to South America where dollar goes much further and retire into crippling alcoholism in my late 30s.
Maybe he lost his arms.
That blows my mind a little bit as I assumed that it was a one-off and not something made from a published pattern.
Heard dat
"Eh, now it looks like every other sport bike."
You got it champ :)
"""Hiko | Burger Spray."""
IIRC kill reward is still $100
Or the dankness?
Kinda reminds me of ender's game.
Garnett would be proud.
Fake and gay
;)
He streamed a game when he was versing Phreak as Draven vs Caitlyn a couple weeks ago I think.
* 12MB Voodoo 2 (3dfx) * 32MB GeForce 2 MX (nVidia) * 128MB 9700 Pro (ATI) * 256MB x850 Pro (ATI) * 512MB 8800GT (nVidia) * 512MB SLI 9800GTX+ (nVidia) * 1GB 5870 (AMD) * 1GB Crossfire 5870 (AMD) * 3GB 7970 (AMD) * 3GB Crossfire 7970 (AMD)
Why don't they do something along the lines of Madden where you can download the latest roster and ratings.
"Sooooo, repetitive questions?"
No I'm mad because Dunkey is fucking obnoxious.
"White or nantucket red chinos, boat shoes, OCBD, navy blazer with gold buttons."
Maybe a spoiler tag for those who havn't played Adventure Mode yet?
"if hemp is anything like weed, they dont like lots of water"
"I do this too, get different flavors, they usually have at least one for 33."
ESA's budget is also much smaller than that of NASA.
"Does your cat have white socks, but on only one of the feet, a black patch?"
"""The Mexican"", starring Brad Pitt"
Good taste.
EVERYONE KNOWS
"It would appear that you did not read the entire article, cause"
No but car crash victims and other facial trauma victims can have this happen where the bone and teeth are basically held in place by fucked up bloody gums.
"yea Imagine if we put in the backup, and won just 3 more games so we had favre in 2009 still AND that defense"
Weird to complain about Apple not innovating
"Does this actually happen in Mexico, or was it just random nonsense from Bill Murray?"
Italy miles ahead of everyone in terms of performance I thought England played very well just got unlucky Austria and Belgium were awful
LUXURY
And also put smartcasts on from the start to learn to play like that-later it will be far more difficult.
Actually alcohol is drunk and weed is very often baked.
They aren't wrong.
I just love how any negative review gets downvoted to hell in an OPINION thread.
an empty car would look awfully suspicious
#NAME?
Worst title I've seen in a long time.
Where did you see that?
Man of the Forrest I guess.
They will be special print on demand for the ironic hipsters of the 70s.
"""Let's teleport in plain sight of the enemy team, what can go wrong?"""
It's an archaic and destructive sentiment that has no place in civilized society.
The answer is always Rajon Rondo.
I wonder if ship transfers will result in no T9 NPCs on conflict zones
My favorite part was when woody was questioning his life while the other three were talking lmao great episode
Such as donating it to Reddit ;)
"TV broadcasts reach a much larger number of people still, obviously they can have a web based service like most TV channels already do even in India."
Still waiting for the fall guy.
If I had ovaries they would certainly burst
"lol, yup will do."
"Nah, Nagato is pretty fine even without Manual Secondaries, but her damage potential isn't really that good because her casemate secondary guns fire an AP shell, and not HE."
I thought I stumbled into another dimension where JG is still alive when I read the title.
"I'll have to admit, finally throwing some cash around is quite nice"
"Teleported to an ARCHER dragging a godwall, insta'd my 6/8 wizard"
"What if you've eaten elevensies, but haven't gotten to lunch yet?"
click into it with your right click then...
Mas nacional el hi5
"Yeah say ""Fuck the owner"" and see if you ever get a job in the NFL again"
Great reference.
upvote for the username
Username checks in
"Her ""friends?"""
He types like Kristen Stewart talks.
"so it is true then, tan fat does equal muscle"
"I don't know for sure one way or the other, sorry."
i hate violence but sometimes you gotta smack a ho.
I was so busy being an 80s man that I forgot to cure my Bonitis!
passionate kiss &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;
"LS intention: ""It doesn't matter what he's into, sexing animals or whatever"" All people heard: ""Xj9 is into beastiality confirmed"""
Asians are pretty racist towards black america if you hadn't noticed
That's what TAC and FAR do ;)
"My favorite is the old school game Escape Velocity:Nova, if you keep playing it after the 30 day trial period a super fast and heavily armed ship will start hunting and killing you repeatedly."
"you are pretty early in the game, catacombs is 4th area"
What's shit yourself worthy about the CCC?
"Nao tenho acesso aos depoimentos da delegacia, desculpe."
proof?
Well atleast we know if it was a hitman there was only one of them
"we just find it incredibly pathetic that you have to comment here now because you care about credit that much, makes you look insecure as fuck."
Neat.
"No, not at all."
"I guess when you've been in the desert surrounded by people who want you dead, one little blonde CNN reporter isn't going to intimidate you."
BOOM
"It's not, 'et' is latin for 'and' - as in 'et tu brute?'"
We'll see soon enough.
"I googled waffle house, and yes, they do seem similar."
"Yes, cool link and idea!"
You never know when you'll get a surprise rimjob
Okay I know it's dangerous and stupid but I'm going to say this anyway: SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEE I CAN'T WAIT *cough cough* so yeah.
Was the joke.
I thought Hamilton and hulk was ahead before the crash?
In almost every case you can kill an enemy mech faster with focused damage to one component than by vomiting LRMs at it and giving it the opportunity to torso twist or run behind an obstacle.
rondo + cousins.
"I don't get this reference, please don't bite me."
You aren't happy with the Hawklings you already have?
"I tend to agree with him on most things but yeah, he does have a few ""out there"" things...then again, who doesnt?"
"They'll likely fill every slot, but the real fun will come in making gear builds like Diablo."
A judge ruled on what already?
University of Nevada Las Vegas
"Feel like a long white tee under the hoodie would look nice, but this is pretty dope"
...joke still over head.
Moon
"I mean, I could link some rule34...."
Cool
thank you :)
Look up what rookie means in motorsport.
You hate it because your sense of hearing tells you it is pure shit.
it seems a bit odd though.. plotting to a kill a man only to be beaten to the punch and then start mentoring his daughter
"When the cool thing to have costs like 30$, everybody want to show they're the cool kids."
"And remember when clinton told wall street to ""cut it out"" and we were all supposed to be satisfied with that?..."
Any is unreasonable.
"Kratom has many of the same dangerous effects as opioids, including respiratory suppression, especially when taken with alcohol."
A gym body is certainly not what attracts ALL girls.
well that's just fucking stupid
or when he defends someone.
Whatever makes the most money.
Well spotted :)
"Eyeliner mainly, it's typically tattooed on."
I'm available today to trade.
I *donut* understand your *hole* reasoning as to why you shouldn't eat your *hole* self.
I smoke because I have schizophrenia and it lessens some of the symptoms.
"""Too good to be true."""
Really disproving my thesis there...
Glenn Beck says Trump will start his own news network full of followers looking for reasons to be angry and violent
I just hope they also make it f2p so I can buy backpacks and food too!
Sadly enough ll a thousand creeps randomly hitting keys on a typewriter produces is never ending content for this subreddit.
"I can tell you're on Team Art because of how you used ""it's"" instead of ""its""."
anyone else read the story in a thick Asian accent?
Apologize to every cat and dog that ever walked in on me whackin' it while I just kept going.
My guess is that they'd building small ICs with this circuit and glue them directly to the back of the photodiodes... Assuming this isn't just 4/1 festivities.
The maliciousness came from the VP's office.
Trump kicked a baby out of rally moments after telling mother he liked its crying.
Ludicrous speed go!
To be fair my falling bosy has probably killed a few who were just walking by when i dropped in
Delete the windows virtual machine off your Mac.
PC
Mirror?
I agree I don't know if this might bring problems for Sansa and Jon down the road...
If this thing was like ~4.5 oz I'd buy it in an instant.
The invisible walls are throwing me off hardcore.
"Fixed it, sorry 'bout that."
"I'd like to see germany split into east and west in these diagramms, since it seems to me, that one very plausible explanation would be the influence of a certain Union of Soviet Socialist Republics"
"If you see my history, this is the formation I wanted too see, bit of a different lineup though... I'm excited!"
I see a lack of fedora's though
They'll be back.... *they'll be back...*
in
Halloween on the charles
Well that's an ugly ass font.
"As a middle-aged kinkster, you also give less of a fuck what society, you mum or friends have to say about your conduct."
There is a megathread for this
"The man is obese, he just need to take care of himself a little more"
"Maybe he actually quite likes those little problems, and considers it to be perfectly fine"
What did you use to make it?
Now that would be a hard ticket to talk your way out of.
Keep millions of Americans locked up in slavery.
"yea, put account info in and it says ""there was an error completing your request"""
I can get on board with this.
He gets paid for this... I went 4/5 can I be an analyst too
"Regardless, if someone takes you, it's not going to be a win/win and when they do take you, they don't get an overcompensation because you went."
Hmmm your are on to something.
"Wait, so if I want to emphasize thickness over width, should I be ditching the close-grip stuff?"
Trying to distract from our own corruption... Look over there...
Religion.
Til that reddit carpet bans people who make autistic jokes.
Fuck Mondays.
your implication that you'd be disappointed if someone replied with 'Pizza Hut'....
"Durham, NC"
"B-But, if OBSIDIAN made FALLOUT 4, there would be no *missed opportunities* because OBSIDIAN would allow you to treat every faction like crap and forgive you because you're the SPECIALIST PERSON ever, with NO PAST aside from the one OBSIDIGOD gives you through Chris Avellone's AMAZING NOT SELF INSERT Ulysses, who was originally going to be a Legion companion to make them MORALLY GREY, like The Witcher 3: New Geralt"
"My sensitive Reddit brain can't handle stuff like this, OP"
Everyone in the Eastern Conference.
"Considering the main trend in some recent sentences, I actually support the introduction of minimum sentences by law, whereas maximum sentences already exist."
unlaid?
"AAAAAAND TO GO FULL CIRCLE, FUCK THE VIKINGS."
To harvest her squishy bits
"Go to wheat farms around RS, some of them will have a portal to Puro-Puro, that's how you get in without Lost City quest, or you could just do the quest :\"
Thank you.
I think there's a wackjob or two out there that would.
"Cuba is hardly relevant to discussions of the ""western world"" which most people understand refers to North America and Europe."
3 is also very black-and-white compared to New Vegas from a writing/decisionmaking perspective.
"If the cops book you for possession of drugs, regardless of if you have any in your system or not, then why shouldn't your parents punish you?"
"Maybe that was just when he forgot his son's birthday, lol"
And that's the way the cookie crumbles
Like roses?
"Um, what?"
man if i was an asg goalie i would let in anything scott dished at me just so the nhl would have to write a headline about his five goal night.
I would not get near to one of those turtles their jaws can mess you up bad.
Or dota 2
Too the moon!
"Holy crap, I'm in love with that helmet!"
You retarded fucking little pricks.
Wake up SHEEPLE!
upvote for pun!
ima profit off you like that gioson guy did off of the miner post
I'd drop Fister for Nelson.
Love the sun lighting up the downtown area.
isnt that the harry potter theme?
I'm sure most people here appreciate the name on a garment then the actual garment it's self.
Yes.
"I'm pretty sure the USA is a democracy, last I checked."
Is that a real question?
"BECAUSE AT FLORIDA STATE, IF WE GON DO IT THEN......."
"Aren't we all, sometimes..."
I think the video was mostly created for the mechanisms and type of reactions.
"I did not say that, soutie."
Stop acting like a child and read the emails to get your answer.
I enjoy getting my hair checked.
"I would start with discretionary spending programs, as they are utterly unnecessary by definition, but to each his own."
Now we just need the panels.
Dick Lugar
And then do an interview praising it as a great literary work.
#NAME?
Points don't lie
Quite possible the best video ever
Who made that cross-eyed man a gunner!
looks like we disagree again :)
"Ass, preferably on the bigger side"
And he didn't answer my question!
Co-signed.
This will be taken to Little Peoples' court.
What makes you think the Raiders aren't happening?
American citizen detected.
Thanks.
Springtrap and he will be the father i've always wanted
shuddup and do your work
"Fucken beautiful, isn't it?"
That's not what he's asking for...
"You've got 10 years before you need to panic about what role you're in and how much you're earning, so take the time now and set yourself up somewhere else where your overall wellness is being looked after, both personally and professionally."
Maybe 3^5 has a hidden meaning
How do you know that they did not get together and discuss it?
"Yea, a really fucked up one that was never funny in the first place."
"It depends on the game, some work better on Xbox One than the on the Xbox 360, and some work worse."
It's like you lost a month somehow... ;)
And the significantly higher chance the baby will be deformed.
"I need a Dave ""The Glueman"" DeGrosi button in real life now."
"Oh, I feel I even explored waaay more in this game compared to previous iterations of the game, so maybe I was just ""unlucky"" in my exploring then :P Well, good to hear some people didn't have that much of a problem with his questline as me."
What's being energetic about not mattering in the slightest getting you that apathy isn't getting me?
It's called a hyperbole jesus fuck.
Where did you see this?
Well you just taught me something lol
Seems like the diabolical plot should precede the cryptex.
You have to finish the appropriate heist setup mission before you can buy it.
"You and me both, I've been pretty uptight about Disney and Star Wars since I'm a fan old the old EU, but I have seen what disney has done to Star Wars and do say I don't disagree with what they've done with it."
"I know that, but from what i always learned, gay means two men in a relationship and lesbian means two women in a relationship"
So next year?
"Wow dude, you're being really douchey over someone not taking patrol seriously."
you will also read the same about men who get off with little... or is it your assertion that men NEVER get off?
It's just a joke bro
"Hah, then you must not have very much experience working in or with software based companies."
Because when you have a one night stand the girl had to be tricked into it and totally didn't want to do it.
I was thinking of getting to that area's chat to look for someone to help me improve my Nihongo but I probably won't do so anymore since I do not want to be clumped together with the embarrassing people of my country
Is he hot?
University of Southern California has a Korean program and was also featured in the LA special of MuDo (Infinite Challenge).
What's with the voter registration thoguh?
How's the farm going?
"And the keyboard scene, while being ridiculous, is also quite awesome."
"in all fairness, police shooting a victim in the head upon arrival - the very same victim who called them - feels a bit like a fantasy world too....."
"One ticket for both races, and all cars compete in them both."
"^Don't ^trip ^the ^alarm Seriously though I never heard of this bug before, it's probably something to do with hoxhud somehow."
Never thought I'd see Newnan mentioned on here... I'll ref the brawl
Somehow it's a little depressing that people have been constantly making that same mistake for over 70 years.
"ah , those good old auto-playing midi files :D"
"I've made the argument he is quite possibly the single most impactful person to the game of basketball ever (assuming you ignore like, Naismith, of course)."
"Give him some time to understand Bitcoin, he'll probably say interesting things about it when he does."
That's awesome.
"2 mil a yer really sin't a stretch if you include taxes, playing with A-rod and being a perennial SB contender."
More like 500btc+
"thanks, sorry for asking in the wrong place"
"That shit happens to me irl, shit sucks man"
What a fantastic day for the Jaguars as a growing team.
That's because so many of them are centralized in the most expensive part of the country.
Really don't want to give AIG any page/video views
Razzle dazzle Call it what you want To me it don't matter It's where I belong It's a matter of distinction A real fine line Between an orgy of destruction And a wonderful time
And full of your own qi!
"I'm not your buddy, pal."
"I live in Canada, not nearly as bad as America considering at least a broken arm wouldn't cost me thousands, but things like dental and vision aren't paid for."
I saw a pro cop one earlier.
"I mean we only gave up a seventh round pick to move up, and considering we had three sixths I'm not too concerned about the move"
It's all good.
I can verify that it is correct.
Probably tried to quote
"Yes you will, maybe depends if you really want to know."
Your gonna need to cantilever a carry handle off that railed gas block.
"But just the wide nose, seen from a moving car."
Appreciate it!
"given his track record, he probably does, multiple times, keeps getting shot down because other people in congress don't care or too focused on other issues like trying to repeal obamacare again or gerrymander their districts."
Has anyone?
If you are really good on him it's a buff otherwise its a nerf.
Hey.
"I use raw input for my tablet, all players have potential to be ass"
I accidently the whole thing
Haste 2 + eff 5 ftw.
Do you get to the Cloud District very often?
"Those t-amp's are awesome, titan's are great to run with too."
What if they were talking about the prequel trilogy?
"I don't think so, podcasts weren't around in 1999."
I'm Mexican and don't like beans or spicy food.
"He may ignore it publicly, but that doesn't mean he won't know."
"People don't understand when I tell them I was on a PS4 before there was the PS4 ever existed, and I'm like, ""Yeah, a computer."""
There is no source for that though.
"""I'm ok with this Irving pick"""
"careful there buddy, downvotes are afoot."
Messi's face looks weird as fuck.
I would fully support this.
"Another pro tip: if what you've been cooking smells a lot, add some cinnamon to the boiling water and it helps make everything smell better."
looks like a baby turtle as weellll
failed the test to be a cop?
If their information is from circles that must be why their thinking is always circular.
one didn't stay that way
What... what happens if I stick my dick into the tub?
What's the theme for the circular icons?
"I'm usually a frustrated wreck, but once i fix or install something i feel like the manliest man on earth."
"I know, that's why I'm suggesting a Tech Support tag for all servers."
I think its LeeAnna Vamp as Ciri
There is not a lot you can do if they are French.
Dab crab
Just be sure everyone's there by 0415.
It's called a breakthrough seizure.
"It is, but it lets you keep track of how many you'll need in total to Guilt HT Sora since he's not a standard medal, and also doesn't use fairies."
In other words since the rich likely won't have to deal with that problem then it'll never be properly fixed.
1440
Ah thanks.
"It also seems that there has been a protest outside the main building of Channel 4, with signs such as: ""UTOPIA DIED FOR THIS"""
^wh.. ^what ^if ^a ^source ^2 ^Black ^Mesa ^is ^going ^to ^come ^in ^the ^next ^not ^orangebox?
this is hilarious :D Now everything became clear why dem frenchies so bad ;D
Just change the name of the title to something more appropriate- the Big Boy Hoss Title
This is the right answer.
You don't even need a heroic dose if it's good/real.
Just don't do something stupid like Gauntlet again.
He didn't even attempt to justify his copypasta.
Agreed.
Ciri has ashen hair though.
"We get it, we know we suck, let us try to enjoy our last year in San Diego in peace"
Wishing I had more YouTube subs
"""MAKANKOSAPPO!!!!!"""
And Ant-Man sucked so seems like a fair judgment.
does this have aperaham Lincoln in it
Or scuba diving equipment.
But Pichu is so cute!
"Even though I don't think ps3/360 should be supported, it is shitty they released a game and don't even update it."
You just rephrased what I already said twice.
"Yes, but not crony capitalism."
"Haha I know im just being facetius, apologies."
"Even better, all 3."
"the 'hands on the head' shocked, awed reaction from every big team we've beaten so far.. i guess ya get it or ya dont"
not true
Exactly this.
Do the Blu-ray Disc Movie specifications apply to games or other media though?
Sauce?
Yes
Sylvanas also got a rework which included giving her a 2nd Heroic.
opening up now!
probably costs like 2k in canada
I think a people are using the awful generator.
"Shorter, even, if our fertility levels are balanced to not cause immediate overpopulation"
Considering Pato peaked at like 24 and Ronaldinho at 29 it's pretty impressive that he's been able to keep himself at what a normal player his skill set does at 27
There appears to be a bit of a queue...I might wait a few days for maintenance.
"No way will Halfpenny pick Toulon over Wales, I'd rather see him in *England* than stay with Toulon."
Not safe for lagers?
Yards and touchdowns dont have to live with the policies of the winning team.
TIL that cancer existed before reddit
DP watcher reporting in.
I can feel the blood flowing out of my brain to other body parts for whatever strange reason.
Badum Tssshh!
In the end its about the sponsors.
"If he's premium, I hope it's a 1 shard Black Friday sale!"
Looks like a pink salmon
"I don't know, I bet Mario Andretti has a driver."
"Ah, didn't know what it stood for."
Wow I never noticed that guys neck just goes on forever.
Or a cross at least.
Got EVGA SC with a backplate for $325 couldn't be happier
I already told you to cut the bullshit.
steal!
"Like, a fuckton worse."
The difference is between imbedding the power of the gems into the flesh (thaumaturgy) and using items as conduits for their power.
Plankton was crying
[TRIGGERED]
Fuuuuuck Comcast.
You just haven't met her yet
Look at the numberpad
"What happened was likely your item was in stock, but reserved for another customer, so they just stole the stock from his order to fill yours, and hoped he would be more accomodating to the BS."
"Problem with Europe is that whenever they try to elect a good leader like Le Pen in France, the cucks all form one massive coalition to defeat them or they get all the cucks to vote for one party instead of multiple parties to defeat them because they are 'le evil'"
I agree with him in most of his points I also dont think league is fun anymore i just play to maybe get master one day ..
"in a similar way, I'll tell my students to ""Have a great weekend"" when they leave on Tuesdays or Wednesday's, pretty much any day of the week."
At 30 fps lol
In a roundabout way he called the heckler a child molester and a retard... You good now?
Im feeling it in oklahoma too
Diastema are my fetish!
"its who the Never-Trump, Never-Hillary Sandernistas are voting for"
fucking savage
"Seriously, put these on a non black background and they'd look awful."
\*Freud
Dwight Howard has amazing posture
The fan fiction writers did.
"Cuisine Du Cambodge (Cambodian/Vietnamese), Thai Kitchen, Emperor's Palace (Cantonese), Seoul Garden (Korean), La Plaza (Mexican)."
FUck you Joe
Titanfall was my favorite game of 2014
Next up 50/50 for GF/GA
Bad publicity is still publicity
"Damn, so is mine."
Here's hoping
Then they will dislike you for having your cities too close to them.
Yeah give him like 5-10 years out of it and then bring him back with a completely mad suit.
30 clip calibers every half second
Yeah I know I love it though
I think I just shat a little
CMON YOU GUYYYYYYYYSSSSSSS
where are you from?
Is that shit on your head or a cow lick?
"I usually stay with the solo untill the other jungle leaves, even if it means not leaving after level 3."
*ma'am
I do not think China or Russia would be too happy about all of this and certainly wouldn't be passive as all of this goes down.
"if you can pry the old bitch out of her casket she's all yours, flyboy."
I still think 4chan belongs to another dimension
Cliffs for working bros?
They would have been shocked
"Me too, that stuff is so heavy where the hell do people hide it?"
"Santa Cruz county here, sunny as can be."
"That, and a mix of actual issues with the game in comparison to what we're used to (ie, infinite supports both gets rid of the 'every choice matters' idea, and hinders the writing team's ability to create truly unique support conversations)"
-Sink-
Particularly when your own record (Clinton) looks much worse in comparison.
"Loose jeans, boxers, and generous pants adjustments."
That's cuz the US let Craig Venter run shit.
Looks like the Game Boy Advance port of DayZ is getting off the ground!
"Why are you asking us for jokes, if the name has to be ""short but funny""?"
"out of the 7.2 billion on this planet, yes youre the only one."
And tes 1 like 2 years before was what?
"Say Anything, my favorite of anything's, and they're damn good at music"
THAT'S SOME OF THE WORST TRASH TALK I'VE EVER READ.
Let's fucking Gopositive!
I can't believe there are adults that do this.
That's part of my point....
I pretty much have this power and my dad definitely has this power
So you would inadvertently cause the death of newborn children then pay for their upbringing?
Neither is Sansa for that matter.
as it should be
A low tolerance combined with today's potent plants can have a lot of people experiencing VERY mild psychedelic effects
I guess I don't live in America :( There are no Dunkin Donuts shops around here.
"Can confirm, Boston is suddenly COVERED with Instinct gyms."
The pro-Hillary circlejerk on this sub is annoying.
"No idea, want to find out?"
She's such a fuckin bullshitter.
Cos they can't see past their own noses.
"I'm not whining, I'm excited :)"
No timeframe.
Thanks
"It's all about how the engine is designed... There's a huge difference between Harley V-twins and Ducati V-twins (often called ""L-twins"")."
It was a 1v4 since FalleN killed someone before Taco died.
"Every once in a while it gets some extremely clever content, but usually it's just cruddy shops."
The two things that the Islanders can't retain is Salary and Respect.
"Those New England Patricias, so hot right now."
"I would like to obtain all the ""common"" tier items instead of having fucking 500 sandstorm galils or 500 umps... it gets old after a while."
How two wrongs make good?
No you couldn't
Thirded.
Not ordering from Pizza Hut would be a vast improvement.
Those SICK SPEAR JUMPS THO
I like how the lizard doesn't react in any way.
SET ME FREE
Last Week in Bitcoin?
"And the Vauxhall VXR8, and Lotus Exige S, Lotus Evora S."
But fuck Vietnamese flip-book animations.
I like the way you call restarts.
You forgot Led Zeppelin and Queen
That's a really closed minded and ignorant attitude.
I'm lovin my Goon!
"Fine print: ""free faction transfer courtesy of the Alliance Sucks Foundation"""
You fucking made me choke on my food
Are you sure this shouldn't go on r/AngrilyOnAPlane?
"Super cute, but why the secrets?"
What a *real car would look like...
"Just curious, but what NHL goalie has ever worn 19?"
"The difference between Valve and Steam is the difference between Microsoft and Windows, or Apple and iPads, or Google and Gmail."
"How is less modesty ""moving forward""?"
What model TVs did you use?
* Synchronization problems with the ground vehicle gun barrel position after flying an aircraft (and on some other occasions) has been fixed.
I don't see Jones anywhere in these pics
"'Father of benghazi victim doesn't understand lie detector tests' There, fixed it for you."
"1.5 felt a little too hyphy, 1.25 felt more normal to me"
As long as Allan makes it out alive I'm good.
Thank you
I wonder if he thinks that counts as charity.
"You can always kill Misha or Rexxar, if you can't handle half a hero with your whole team, it sounds like a personal problem."
Ok good didn't want him
Because a vision softly creeping?
"Or, since many of GG's opponents seem to lack a sense of shame and personal responsibility, they just become afraid that they'll get in trouble."
"or, you know, efficient."
I see.
"Balor Club interferes, Roman overcomes the odds and puts Triple H, Balor, Anderson and gallows shoulder to shoulder on the mat and pins all 4 men simultaneously."
Was wondering why she looks like a kid.
2 if we're lucky.
"He's right though, focus on yourself, see yourself progress and you won't have a reason to lose confidence if you progress"
But I think his point is why even risk playing it while you're winning?
"Allright, im not sure i agree but then im with you."
A family tree isn't exactly discovering genetics.
I wonder where Bill Clinton was and what he was doing...
The drums and bass make or break trap songs though
Relax its a joke
"""Dog Blood promised to come back to Australia"""
"Long range the healers, get them into the line, then switch back to rapid for jad"
It's funny because it's so true!
I prefer the muffin button.
How did you miss: Tick tock tick tock run that clock
either a freshman or an 8th grader whom recently turned 14.
Where does the wish bone correspond in the human body?
Third wave feminists are the people who cut off the last couple minutes of the show you DVRed right?
She had a sweet new retirement home picked out and everything.
Sit and drink Polonium tea
"In a game centered on shocking obscenity, it's often the completely innocent jokes that get the biggest laughs."
Ted's got nothing without a cooperative GOP establishment it seems... Why would he work with someone who openly attacked his family?
then they should turn off the option to be invaded if they dont want it.
What could possibly go wrong?
*Not Excellus
Michael Dell could fix this instantly.
"Yes, sorry I mean't GoW."
So basically the exact opposite of the beginning of Interstellar?
Oh okay I know about those I just didn't know their nickname was stingrays.
Who needs a boar?
"He's not very good at this, is he?"
Except M4s don't spawn anymore unless there's a helicopter crash so he isn't farming the m4
That's a pretty good gear setup considering you're fighting black demons?
But Robin attitude is way cuter post-timeskip now!
"AKA ""Emily Blunt turned us down""..."
Sploosh!
"Politicians know that logic doesnt matter, what matters is convincing the electorate."
His dream was signing to the rock
She also thinks that Superman acted exactly how he should have and that Batman was the hero
Well he is the best athlete in all of New York not named Kristaps Porzingis so I'll take it!
In florida you can :P
Like.. in the Ice Age?
Dankon.
Carrying more dead weight on that mountain is a death wish Easy to say when you are on the ground
"Biggar has been fantastic this tournament but Sexton is a step above him, I would pick Biggar as my bench fly half on a Lions your of it were tomorrow."
GOLDEN
What if hell is just a place where you get so much of the stuff you love that you begin to hate it all?
i agree safety is impotnt
"Oh look, another thread."
"You know, the mouth is also a hole."
You'll soon be bored and not so rich anymore :)
pre-thriller mike would like a word
Tell a a lie long enough and it becomes the truth
Yes
It only takes like 2 minutes to roll one?
It's about time that erdogan goes.
"Good NIMBY, have a cookie."
Same.
"Taking a walk, and getting coffee in a wifi zone"
I think its a sign
I think Larson could pull it off today
"That would be too far to punish a whole team, he's played his last match this World Cup though."
"Yeah, fuck her for having a drink preference!"
"His face is screaming in pain, the rest is cool tho"
Something something high divorce rates.
When a black hole made you his bitch
"The top commenter said ""give the medals back"", and the second agreed and added something to the same effect."
"well 2 of them are, but reddit don't like hearing that cause fee fee's"
"it's cringy, this kids been coached as fuck to say what the kid says"
Up vote quote happened to be me understanding that reference.
"He was spinning and barely got grazed, dummy."
Was much better after being reheated too.
Don't forget that everything is white except for their Herman Miller chair.
"Horny college lesbians everywhere, I'll die happy!"
I just assumed it was a launch party.
Ohhh... It's not The Onion...
You should say sorry.
Why does this happen?
"Well most candidates have the ability to talk about a wide range of issues in their stump speeches, but Sanders appears to be limited to just a few topics."
was the 1st best moment of the night until Violet came out!
That's a Token of Flight; got 2 of those from the kill target bounties.
"Witnesses said he went head first, but someone claimed the police scanner said he was critical."
I'd like to think he just superglued his hair like that.
"*Dey all dowted me, dow me now* - Assange"
"Are you guys in Colorado, if so I know what happened to the Donner party."
and yet you'll watch any movie or reality tv show with stunts in them thinking that they are safe.
"i meant overall in pvp it has a lower ttk, but for sweaties, u might find more and more using things like the HAwkmoon, as it has lower TTK in theory"
I don't even know how you saw those without blowing that pic up 100x
Sword of the Morning.
Except they already do?
I'm subleasing a room
Ok Defense lets do this
Also since when have they had this rule?
"I'm not saying it's impossible, but stopping a car with some speed without power brakes is really tough."
Sounds like something Tasker could do.
Cornfields on a warm summer morning.
Not sure I'd want to be the Kerbal that docks in between 12 engines.
use a mak
Everyone outside of Sub-Saharan Africa is part Neanderthal.
*USSR
Because they have a lot of money and quite a few people in their pocket.
And where do those reports go?
Someone isn't hydrated.
"Again, I want to believe it, but the realist in me says ""no way""."
Much easier when you're getting paid for it.
"Considering this looks like 1980's Australia, I genuinely wouldn't have been surprised if that had been the outcome."
That describes me perfectly
Even if they haven't opened an account until 2016?
It's been retracted :(
"Clemson seems to give up a lot of points in the games they've been in, what do you think about your defense?"
"It was around 2008, but yes, he did."
"You're adopted, your parents don't even love you"
Is it enough to cover basic expenses- yes will you have sufficient savings-depends
"""post about your placement result will be removed."""
"You call global warming a bug, huh?"
"No big deal, I just enjoyed imagining picking wraithlord and imagining wandering around not being able to enter any buildings and still not being in a vehicle lol."
"Typical Bruneian hot stuff, it dies down as quickly as it surfaces"
So that's what he calls it now?
Same thing that's always been wrong; it never stops guillotine soon
"Except when people are watching, in my case."
He touched you didn't he?
I hear the UN have some diplomatic vacancies if you're interested :)
It said in the description that Philadelphia has a no chase policy on bikes.
Local councils composed of Arabs in PYD lol.
the American Roadtrip had some amazing cinematography
"Yeah, but maybe initiatives like this will give the young farts motivation to actually get out and vote next time."
Oh snap!
"To be fair, if you are under duress, like, at gun point, and you can later prove it, you can't be held accountable for documents that you sign."
My balls!
"The origin of light doesn't matter as long as it's consistent, IMO."
I expect to see this on Facebook with some ramblings.
Cool Story Bro
"He's the father of my kids...and I'm a guy...meh, that's ok"
Laurent Blanc or Pardew
"They don't even have to build any studio, just do what every other game does"
"Of course not, but as someone else pointed out, a black man's, Asian man's, white man's, whatever man's issue is every man's issue."
"I just want not so popular hero, who could literally shit on sniper in every way (not bullshit thing like Riki, PA or whatever miss russia hero you got there in mind)"
Dem framerates doe.
"He'd never have kids, he pulls out at the last minute"
"Perhaps they mean that the cluster could be an artificial kindergarten, with a normal-sized Diamond gem emerging from it?"
"Yeah, now that I think about it, media does enjoy a good solid circle-jerk when they can get it."
"In lore, though there are many kinds of undead, the Forsaken are those undead from Lordaeron and, to a lesser extent, Quel'Thalas who were attacked by the Scourge."
.png
Dual blade 6* Xenon confirmed?
"Even if it was real he made it like 2 feet, worst superpower ever."
"You're just bad at playing Tracer, that's all"
"How shallow are we talking, not that it matters"
"Lol, he was being sarcastic."
I'll never abandon Stannis.
Trolls.
"Along a similar route, this year I'm redoing all my arduino pro minis with esp8266s for manually triggering props via tablet + wifi."
Literally thousands of other players are sharing the same problems as you.
Bennett's injury is from falling over the trash can right?
We did get him a ring.
Don't forget the outside!
I like the cut of your jib.
Give me your fucking money!
"Truth **Games** : Smash 64, Brawl, Flash, Sm4sh, Slime Rancher, TF2 and Pokemon **Mains**: Pikachu in 64 and Brawl, Marth and Zelda in Flash, and Ness, Ike and Megaman in Sm4sh."
You're late to the *party* (ho-ho-ho) mate.
"I really hope no hinky votes happen tonight, Frank and Day both have been planting seeds and the heat would all go to Tiffany."
"It's a little weird we don't have one, considering the plethora of new young heroes that are popping up."
"I'd say they both have their uses, I personally prefer mercy stroke on my DRK, and Awareness on my WAR"
We dont *he's dead*
Execute Order 66
not if you are doing it on an Xbox
Does anybody know if there will be a European release for the 3DS game?
"Space shuttle door gunner, here we come!"
The people who do this are fully aware of the risks involved.
It's gorgeous
I'll recommend that to him.
Nah I'm with you.
"BF1 has a different (better) dmg model on HC its 125% dmg from bullets, 100% vehicles and explosions While BF4 was 60HP meaning a super low TTK"
ELO hell doesn't exist
"THERE WILL BE NO VIEWS FROM THE 6, ONLY 305"
"Born and raised in Louisiana, went to San Antonio and the shop keeper asked me where I'm from cause people don't usually say hello/aren't usually so nice."
"Let's be real here, you know most of the gays her age were probably like that during Gaga's debut."
Inb4 new Valve update: awp ammo reduced to 10/10
I ain't never seen no queen in 'er damned undies
Console doesn't have chat...
Uhhhhhhh *throws smoke bomb and escapes*
I looked up queef; I was very amused.
Expensive HDMI cables
:( So sorry for your loss.
"Yeah that shit is sturdy, my birth certificate has been banging around folded up in my mothers purse for 20 years and it's still not disintegrating"
As much as I feel like some of this is throwing shit at a wall and seeing what sticks... a lot of it has been sticking so maybe the supply wasn't there.
Well now there is
Under God.
accept that trade ASAP.
"the Young Wolf was only 16 :( he was put in a nearly impossible situation (an insane Karstark, a conflicted Theon, a hateful Frey and a treacherous Bolton), trusted the wrong people and was betrayed in a horrific manner by Bolton and Frey."
Thematically/functionally: awesome Practically: may be OP haha
You realise it's the top 2 players that go from na sooo Bjergsen and Double I think
Excellent point.
"Gordon Ramsey said in a recent AMA that this is his ""weakness""."
You're talking about something completely different.
"I use a Logitech Keyboard too, but in my case I can select what the power button does using the Setpoint software."
Find a way to incorporate something that contrasts from the rest of the fit
Pervasive.
"Care with the knife, the idea is the keep the surface smooth so it can make as good a contact as possible."
Or any captain's mode game.
I am an outright reactionary INTJ.
"More like Hufflepuffpuff, amirite?"
"no hes right, they went to the Esports Arena in Santa Ana, i was there and they played it there."
Hockey
Lmao
You are just the worst
I think I've been making omelettes wrong
Use the upvote button.
18
Tell that to ti4s $10m+prizepool
Just got it used today from gamefly for 19.99 and am looking forward to platinuming it.
A GMO salmon farm ran by Adolf Harper as well.
I've only been following the team for about 4-5 years now and I'm still pretty upset about it.
Of course
"Also, on the T-Mobile software update page for MM, Z3 is nowhere to be found."
"Didn't the previous regime trade for Roy Halladay, Cliff Lee, Roy Oswalt and Hunter Pence?"
"Cmon bro, Bartolo doesn't have the heat he used to, but he can throw better than an 85mph fastball belt high and in the pull zone 2-0 withstanding."
Why don't they treat all customers like that?
tri**me**thyla**m**in**e**
"She's been spending too much time with David O. Russell, I think."
He means their pet cat 'Too lazy'
I hope she votes no!
I'm sure I could handle a playoff heartbreak opposed to a regular season Browns heartbreak
Do you mean it?
DMR/LMG rounds should pierce the glass with sustained fire.
I love some off brand shoes
But...but...Mad Men....
Wow sounds like a very cool boss.
Idk people always say this but I'm not sure what they're looking at (examples pls lol)
"Metaphor, do you speak it?"
Is this Old School Runescape or an old recording?
Ackley's triple with the bases loaded too.
MLS can't beat the mexican league and people like you act like MLS can compete with some Euro leagues even division 2 while in the US Open cup most MLS teams were beaten by MLS wannabe leagues.
"Everyone gets lucky from time to time, I've never been lucky in a game but in this one it's another story."
This I like
Maybe they're trying to cross over with ace attorney and one day gaur plains will become lake gourdy
The Postal service- Give up
"Yeah like, allies pulling air to distract them."
Privileged.
SoJ drop from Andy.
TIL that 70% of Americans have no need for a passport.
Wats the best snes emulator i can get to run mega man x2 on a laptop thats like 8 years old and slow as hell?
"hes not really a journalist, hes a content creator"
I burned your house down weeks ago fam
"no, with jdc4 and jfc4"
"Damn, that sucks.... Thanks for the heads up."
Then don't bother with 3D printing.
2 Fast 2 Amphibious.
Dave grohl doesn't owe you anything
You do a good MSM impression!
That would involve having self-awareness
Unless falling?
Do you even WOLOLO?
Jared?
"I think South Park is on comedy central too, and the avengers is on maybe fx or something like that?"
Agility ^^kappa
"Make sure to invite some ladies, I'm not sure you can handle 6 feet one on one"
"Don't start comments with ""LOL""..."
We could make such a dank video if we got a VOD of phantom saying that and then going back to his old habits.
and here I sit unemployed applying for dozens of IT jobs without one fucking interview.
4chan culture is just the modern day equivalent of demanding small town conformity.
"Finally, something worth watching on TV"
omgg xd le fresh memmeys from 9gag the memmey factory xD
"I'm thinking I should replace Purphoros and one Iroas with two impact tremors,"
"It's fun, but it's not even close to what I hope a Paradox Cold War game would be."
Luckily he was white so it would have been only 4 warning shots.
So *this* is Nebraska...
He will be in a perfect position to do so.
Best Harlem Shake I've seen in a while.
A pretty solid example of why to teach yourself to not panic double jump.
God doesn't exist sorry to offend you.
You just gotta put your anamorphic lenses on.
why air rune?
I'm scanning it for a friend.
"He looks like an ashtray made out of diseased assholes, which is fine because the world doesn't need Curt Schilling."
My man!
just trying to be as transparent as possible
"Yeah, that was me with the 9th circuit case... I was actually hoping it had been an MBE question so we could settle this once and for all, but I think what I wrote with the other comment makes sense... First degree pre-mediated = specific intent, other murder = malice, manslaughter = general intent"
"I was having food, NSFW-tag this shit next time, please."
Neat
"no it wouldn't and either way this election goes its hard to imagine not ending up that way, especially if Crooked wins"
You guys are really digging too deep here I can sum the core of the issue up in one word : Florida.
And both do have a great case for the best at their position with the proper longevity.
The medium is the message.
"I'd consider watching ""Children of Men"" the future will probably look more like that :("
Common Unity party.
"this is genius, i'm going to annoy the crap out of someone tonight, thanks!"
"If he was really helping her, when she fell and hit her head, he would have... you know... gotten her help."
Your life
No wonder the African-American couple isn't facing tax increases - the husband looks like Eric Holder!
"Shirley, you must be joking."
The free child labour and better delivery service.
"Clipping acts like a brand new application, there's no pro-rating of time remaining from the previous DoT."
box
Before they even see your picture?
Your flair is perfect.
Roughly 17 years ago.
Same here in the netherlands.
"I meant Kubiak, not Schaub."
I understand.
Black people all look the same to me.
No names allowed
"They are at the EDSA Shrine, I believe, which, of course, is a Catholic church."
Being around other drunk people
[[Commune with the Gods]] can enable graveyard jank as well
I thought I was that they came from China and most of the women there are petite.
Typical Real Madrid
Much like MLB it seems.
He can also tap the NPA too!
"I feel like that is basically what I said, so yeah I agree with you."
Down.
Perhaps it's a metaphor: using golden picks is frustrating because they die all the time.
I like your creativity...
"Those wheels spawn bosses, at least thats what i could tell from the youtube videos."
Bro.. they're two and a half from the third seed.
Nothing to identify the suspects?
are you absolutely certain?
He looks like a grizzly bear.
picture 5?
Border Collies.
"And if he'd been here legally, it would've just been an argument."
"It's called douche chills... Spike Lee is a douche, hence the chills ;)"
"You can, but you don't deserve it."
I think only popular books go on sale.
I think Portland's profile is greater then the reality as far as bike friendliness ...there is a lot of good there but to rank it above a town with 55% of the population on a bike is a bit overboard in my opinion I wish it could actually match up to the hype around it
I want the end credits scene to just be a full game of chess between them.
"On worldnews, submitting the actual leak itself is ""opinion"", an article about the leak and its content is news.."
"Why don't you just say ""no"" instead of passive aggressive bullshit?"
You never realize legos hurt until you step on them
And then some asshole accelerates.
What can we do to make it at least 3/4?
Got to spin it to sell it.
"Rachel from Friends, and Diane from Cheers are two of the only actors I ever wanted to beat to death in a TV show."
C'mon guys he was just trying to be spooky for the kids!
I just made a post where I explained that it is extremely unlikely that Jon Snow is Rhaegar Targarean and Lisa Stark's son but I got more than 10 down votes and not a single reply as to why I should think differently.
"You know they will say take the guns away from cops, too."
"One of them could just go in spawn, switch to engie, and fix the sentry before switching back."
61-58?
Luckily my Ex was not tech savvy and has no internet presence.
"Nice fish, and one handed too."
Greatest show on Earth was life changing for me
"Ow my bad, I dint mean the jewish population but the Muslim :P. Let me fix that."
Fuck em
"400ish and got: luneth,greg,elza, delita, and lightning"
Only on Skyrim
#2 ?
"(With stiff upper lip and haughty accent...) ""I always knew those scoundrels down there were nothing but ignorant know-nothings!"""
"I don't run a server but I think these lines in your game.ini will do the trick NPCReplacements=(FromClassName=""MegaRaptor_Character_BP_C"",ToClassName=""Raptor_Character_BP_C"") NPCReplacements=(FromClassName=""MegaRex_Character_BP_C"",ToClassName=""Rex_Character_BP_C"") NPCReplacements=(FromClassName=""MegaCarno_Character_BP_C"",ToClassName=""Carno_Character_BP_C"")"
But the study says they couldn't tell how much of a problem that was.
It's fan-fucking-tastic!
The unimportant part
I mean.... Im sure Washington wouldn't mind a brand new Mariota
I need dis.
now lets restrict access to welfare - that'll teach 'em.
"I played street fighter once, does that count?"
"The block chain would tell you if the split parts end up rejoining later in a different wallet, though."
Now it says it will open in about 1 hour
My social anxiety.
The pissing contest is without end.
"You're an avid driver; you do realize that ""Best Place on Earth"" isn't on the license plates right?"
"Prolly pregnancy-fat, that's all."
"McMuffin: ""Oh God, he's shitting on me again..."""
A hefty dose of Red Hot Chili Peppers.
"Well, his name *is* trolluback..."
Yah it's just not something you would put together with how much of the game there is out now so better safe then sorry
the real problem is that you were standing still not moving your mouse for a whole minute.
Specifically ESEA
You could do the whole $10 trade up deal and be playing for that 2.5 weeks.
"Tax free, as long as you're willing to donate a thousand to a charity of your choosing."
^ This.
"Arthur does, the rest get men with coconuts."
"Well, I avoid seafood altogether, but yeah, gulf is poisoned pretty thoroughly now too."
"Sydney population is tipped to hit 5 million within weeks ... if rents are ""overinflated"" it's only because people need to live somewhere."
"scarlet, meet the scarlets, theyre the modern vampire family :P"
Is this really top comment on a post about an Impact time slot change?
"No, that's from starring at a LCD screen for over 8 hours without blinking."
So did they get something good for lunch today?
August 13th
Well this guy is a geologist which makes it worse.
belas fotos!
RIP Kasich
The species was thought extinct for at least 6 years...
It will go by tomorrow's rate.
I can't protest I have to go to work and I have tickets to a basketball game
"ITT: ""I'm not racist..."""
It only works every time 60% of the time
Thanks!
"I used to automatically do this, but after a while i realized they were just annoying me, so i simply blocked youtube comments with adblock, and now everything about youtube seems better."
"On mobile so I can't link, but they have a GitHub page already where they're already putting up a bunch of forked/rebrabded code for the project."
"They basically said the building/area is their's, and the people who support them's, for ""a few years."""
He went to the ones in the Village with the People.
Almighty Rumps
*There will never be a Jewish UAE*
Your parallel to Michael Scott is scary accurate for most breeders.
"Yea, just executed poorly."
"Empire, thermal svg and the lcar"
The team was looking really good as well D:
"That's clearly a custom bike, so I'd imagine a custom camelback wouldn't be too far outside the realm of possibilities."
Minimum.
"strange how refugees are welcome, but law abiding people are restricted"
Were you a school teacher before the accident?
"I agree, but they recognize their mistake in lack of clarity and will be addressing it all next week in-detail."
"You're right, I was thinking of those two Taylor Walker tackles a few years ago against Taylor and Morris where it was play on and he got a free for holding the ball, but I forgot he got suspended afterwards."
Very handsome :)
You just.... click the link.... o.O
"60$ for game, 50$ for season pass, and I still don't get to play the game to its full extent?"
"Yes but prettier,and not as frustrating when you join a game and immediately see a raptor that tears you to pieces in your pooped loin cloth"
#\#DinosaurLivesMatter
Ted is the type of guy who let his wife have sex with black men while crying in the corner.
Only 12 volumes were every published and it is out of print because of Tokyo Pop :(
That and the fact that Flappy Bird hasn't been around for 11 years...
Sociopathatic robot would be a great band name wouldn't it?
I'm aroused
how do you tech that side b doh?
"Yes, and I'm literally shaking because of how much your post triggered me"
*cowspiracy I saw cows too.
3 months is still way too much and the fact that Valve is keeping their fucking mouths up doesn't help either.
Why did they pick cubone?
based on the resolution i will take an approximation that this has been posted 7 times before
The R8 is the new revolver that was introduced a few weeks ago
"Considering the commercial failure the Wii U turned out to be, I'd say they've already milked the Wii brand for all it's worth."
Maybe it would look better on a chalkboard?
by that logic we should go beat up bubbles.
I saw
See also: Sanders surrogate Lucy Flores.
too bad people will just pause and will end up in a pause\unpause war
"""Bush did 9/11"""
The cult of free shit?
"Shit, does that mean LotV won't fit on my floppy?"
Dis really failed my plagiarism check :0
"I think that actually makes it sadder, but just on a more macro-level."
"Idk, they already look like they are shitting bed"
True.
From The Vault: Money you know what's inside
"I see debtors prison has not yet been abolished, some revolution."
can i bring my drake to the belt to kill the rat to earn the isk to bring my clone in another drake?
"Probably US, most companies."
"Thanks, love"
"I saw a version of this GIF where the truck never hits the post, it was the ultimate anticipation machine."
I wish arousal was this magnificent...
other people's preferences shouldn't be mocked like that.
I thought I read that Durkins and muschamps systems were similar.
"""And I'm definitely not going to tell you about the army I sent for!"""
F2P btw
Please check the lamp as the OP suggested.
Was very upset that vault 81 and the institute didn't have any literal milk that I could give strong.
We're going to need plenty of Lamborghinis to transport our herd of llamas.
"Their hours are a little erratic and not listed on their site, but the FB page states: ""Clinic Hours are: Monday: 10am - 2pm Tuesday - Thursday: 10am - 2pm, 5:45-7:30pm Friday: 9am - 2pm Saturday: WALK INS ONLY, 9am (Please arrive by 11 am or earlier) """
Has ^^^^^^DONTKILLME
459 month you must live in east bumfuck?
Do you think it wasn't a red card?
But you know this happened because $76 is such an abstract number.
Very biologist!
How common is this in other Ball Parks?
"And he runs alot, so you better watch yourself."
Add another.
"welcome to 9gag, the date is 03/01/2011 =)"
"To increase time spent, download the source code, compile it and then install it."
"Fucking hell, are you trying to sound like his mum?"
Now we wait for someone to make hyphPls...
News article or source?
shits stale af of course I heard it
And that's why we have bread and circuses.
"I see.I hope OP doesn't give a stinking shit about that.It would do that person a favor to spare him the attention he was asking for,let alone knowing he affecting OP negatively.I hope it didn't."
"I agree, but I think the option to just cruise through with retreats should be there for people who want/need it as well."
THIS ON-LAN PIECE OF BELGIUM SHIT
The Latino numbers aren't so encouraging in context: Clinton 60% Trump 14% Johnson 13% Stein 10%
I see you know Larry as well?
I almost only meet Hellbat Liberator and it's really hard to survive against it :(
Funny how it's monotheists going around murdering people all the time.
"Or if you really need to, you can position helmet/goggle straps over your ear to provide some protection."
"Check your trichromatic privilege, ableist shitlord!"
"Ah yes the ""can attack"" mechanic, largely overlooked by the dev team in my opinion."
And now you're on a list
If I had to choose between eating that spider and dying of hunger: I would choose death.
Good ol Jim Ross?
Wtf is that rammus splash
"vote skarner and sejuani, don't care about the rest."
Why doesn't Deadman just take over Superman's body and beat up everyone on Superman's team and end this war?
"That's Clyde Frazier, Knicks legend and top tier color commentator."
"I thought mw2 nukes were great, nothing like the rush of stopping someone at 23/24 kills or as soon as the exit the ac130/chopper gunner."
:D
"Just to clarify, it's not the vocal chorus, it's the part of the song that starts at around 0:56"
I don't see what point you are trying to make with the sarcastic question.
We can bask in our vastly superior curriculum and pay rates.
Yes sir you are correct.
"Lol'd They're not all bad, just most of them."
"""Eliminated TheLegend27"""
About 1 million is still in chips it says.
Holy shit really?
"It's not so much the price of shoes as how they fit, most likely you're buying shoes with too narrow of a toe box."
"On your stats, it counts the kills you got from Situations, but that doesn't go towards your trophy so you have to just keep killing until you get the trophy."
"The best defender in the NFL is indeed tough to question, but its not Von Miller."
By that definition neither was Hitler or any other dictator since only US has used a nuke in battle.
Hope they stay the fuck out from now on.
"If they're together long enough, the ugly one will look normal compared to the plastic train wreck that awaits aging celebrities."
"If that theory were correct, you could get out of paying taxes with the excuse ""But I don't want to!"""
Hahaha that usually means we're about to get whats coming to us
I'm not going to hype this one bit
Only chat and ranked restriction get reset.
"Plot twist: 20 years from now, Mexico imports high quality weed from California."
She's a crook
"Yeah, it is basically just taking up space to be honest...."
B U R G E R H O R D E S U R G E R H O R D E S
It is the inevitable result when you bring a turd sandwich to the contest.
Because calling Labor spineless is an insult to invertebrates?
You have to complete it to tele to dark beasts with slayer rings so it's worth finishing
"Our starters got shown up by their second-string, for what it's worth."
no they will straight deny it because there are zero penalties for lying
"Almost definitely Windows Update, or otherwise another scheduled task."
Green eyes going extinct because brown eyes are so dominant
Turret more likely since it was still being built.
I'm thinking there were crazy paparazzi involved.
why you gotta look like a T
All of his pranks are just plain shit now.
(Whispered) ...join ussss...
Touched the floor at 1:43 :p sick wallriding though.
what is the next step after that?
you wont even get to play em lol
"In some subs, you can get banned pretty easily."
"What I don't understand is if he thinks Italians are superior, why would he want to breed with an ""inferior"" Chinese person and make his children ""impure""?"
"4 Kills, otherwise known as Fourius Killigus is when a player gets four kills."
Mmm I can't wait for this to cost an arm.
"Sure, I'll be working on getting the server set up over the day today, and will send out the details to everyone."
"If you do not get the reference even before clicking the link, the video will be lost on you... Which does not surprise me given your support for institutional censorship... Highly Doubtful you are a South Park fan...."
"I still find it really funny that, by their 3rd pick of the 2012 draft, the Redskins spent a fortune on RGIII and then took his successor."
"Screen went black at the same time he started his game, CPU temp reached 61c"
They did.
Well he gives permission for Toei and Fuji Tv to use One Piece and he does make money from it too.
basically
You can charge at home.
"She tried getting his patreon shut down, that's that dude's whole livelihood."
"I mean he struck gold with Mack, Carr and Jackson on the 2014 draft, but his 2013 draft was utter shit, he was also on my bad side because of it but no more."
Mountain Dew and Doritos fund.
wow that's some powerful hypocrisy.
"Vietnam Nova might be better, nicer camo and rifles"
Establish dominance..
"So if SJWs are intent on taking the credit for each female protagonist and ""gaming finally growing up""... looks like they're shit at their job."
Do we know if they're making one for the 6p?
Crucial question.
The screamin sicilian brand is pretty tasty.
It's left as an exercise for the student.
"I mean, they already took my blood samples... If I do a little pot now, it wouldn't tell her.."
Is this amount of commercials normal for american television?
"A security risk for Harper or his family, NOT FOR THE NATION, which is what the argument is all about."
Hey it's me ur devil.
"""Negative ions in our bodies"""
In my state a good amount of the weed comes from people with green cards who buy from dispensaries and redistribute.
I learned new ability that lets me filter out jar jar and most parts of ep 1
Yay for us
Oh my god Sjin i cant believe you took his Settler.. thats gotta hurt.
**--Starts licking your earlobe--**
Best gadget in BF2142
"See here Seventh Son, god those romance scenes were awful"
Can I introduce you to golf for a moment?
"Damn, I didn't know that you can play against your friends outside of Custom games :O"
Such a badly written article.
"Turning off Mock Locations seems to work for other people, except for me :("
"I don't know how much you will get but I guarantee you it wont be as much as the market price of your stickers, id say like 10$ overpay if the gun is good and if people really want it but there isn't huge overpay for those."
13
You fuck off
Try taking off the Nixon mask before entering the store next time.
That's racist.
We're mostly just confused and sweaty.
What camera is this?
"Scrolling in response to a user click is ok, same as useful popups like a chat popup etc"
Empty assertion is empty.
And now we can't un-know that.
That's kind of ironic
"Good job man, you're an inspiration"
Say what?
He already said cop.
Too late
You have birdpox now.
rip mobo maybe?
The legend of chugabud Who's who woulda been better on Tranzit
This doesn't explain Alaska...
They could post his fucking x-Ray online and some people would still claim it isn't that big of a deal or the injury didn't come from a player lumberjacking his arm with a composite stick.
That shit is scary
T-that's not how this works.
"Don't worry, we can savor that image next week"
\#blackdriversmatter
IDK my plan name in Australia but I get unlimited but its like 24 Megabits down .1 megabits up...
aren't you too busy tearing down posters to queue anything?
Rhetorical/loaded question.
"This is a old ass picture broski, the base belongs to Tyrael from Lunar Rising and he's a 100% maxed th10 nowadays"
"I don't miss February like ever tho, even after 12 years."
"ya, but an m16 is a lot fucking louder than a car alarm"
Fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora
"Teamwork, baby!"
Fear of failure can keep you from success.
Stupidisaahsstupiduhs.
Then why are you here if you'd rather avoid a situation exactly like the one you're training for and the one you're in now?
Did you actually read the papers or just the sentence that says 1 in 5?
"Anthony Fantano, is that you?"
Wow 2018?
What's the frequency and power (in watts) at the source?
This gave me cancer
Jesus fucking Christ dude.
Pushing a shopping cart
Fry?
It's so.....warm and consistent.
Netflix fix your shit!
Nice examples you're giving.
"Poor guy, i hope he gets out of there or save his girlfriend from that cult."
I don't understand how this is relevant to the subreddit?
If Trump can win anythings possible
Not in Trump's America :(
I think it was free for Java users while it was under development
Because Dangerfield played for the other SA team?
Well that was shit
honestly what the fuck
Salty?
Make that baby full-size and then we're talking.
"If you're ever near Toronto, PM me and I will get you a deal on the sim at Threshold Aviation"
I made a false assumption
Asking all the right questions.
"I wish some of that drive would rub off on Ebs, though it actually seemed like Ebs was much better this game in that department, so I can't complain much!"
Because he is such a nice guy
he's right since you didn't do it I have to assume this is fake
Your pedantry is noted... and ignored.
Amen!
"ELI5: why doesn't the EU, take physical action to mitigate the refugee crisis instead of waiting for good ole' America to play world police?"
135 Shane vs 135 Floyd would have been incredible.
it's 32 now iirc.
D:
I feel sorry for you.
"Its 16000 people , what do you expect; legit discussion?"
Because it's about control.
"Might as well make the name trick for espeon be ""Garbage"""
You're not always going to see 100+ down.. It depends on how loaded the tower is and reception.
What a weird question...
Yeah that works
Enjoy being relevant while you can.
"""swag bag"" FeelsBadMan"
Literally worse than release xin zhao.
"$4,815,162,342 "
And 2004 :b
You seem to be looking at this through rose-colored glasses
You guys are missing out on a great game!
Wow I'm honestly surprised that most ppl on the hawks sub are anti-deflategate
But I AM weak.
Leaving it for the luls but I edited it underneath.
Congrats guys!
Isn't that the opposite of what was said?
"Yeah, that's not QTE ... it's just a switch, same as in every halo game ever (or pretty much any FPS ever)."
"Update: They died on the quest anyways, and there's no way I was spending 1500 rubies to revive, so my choice didn't ultimately matter."
holy crap good catch didn't even look at the picture.
That's why I want to dump McCoy and hire a defensive HC because the team is lacking that tough mentality right now.
"Is ""CW"" for them Heaven?"
"Wait, why?"
Chemistry FC.
Even Cena's veins have muscles.
Better than a study to find out why prisoners want to escape prison.
50% off in everything Kappa I want a CM costume Keepo
Never go full MattDotZeb
Yeah it isn't even fun to visit anymore.
Reminds me of those videos of people putting salt on eel or frog legs.
It would be nice to have a perfectly dictated version of this as a reference.
"IF GRAGAS IS FAT, HOW COME HE HASN'T EATEN THE SHOPKEEPER?"
"Please... For the love of God, tell me those are all jokes."
"That's an old wives tale, attunement does nothing."
Next time it's someone else the us needs to bomb and you'll be cheating again until you see the aftermath...
"I propose ""Transcranial Combat Enhancement Lobotomy""."
"Yes, you need to do that in order to get it to work."
"I play touch butt with Pat and Avery, Nik and I climb trees and rocks in the woods."
Find some high schoolers :p
I need new white friends.
"Will the LNP get away with international crimes, the same way they have a complete pass here in Australia because they own the police and judges?"
"Your mindset is that since we won NH, VT, and now OK will get Bernie to the White House?"
Where does it mention that you get a reduced shield for being ranged?
"i focus on one problem at every time , thats smart way of doing things ."
You could say the propaganda went to her head.
HOLY FUCK THATS 69EDGY911 ME
It amazes me how overly important reddit thinks that reddit is.
"Its, for pity's sake."
Too bad poise was nerfed.
His name was Robert Paulson
He was 45 rated I believe
Trump doesn't like marijuana personally but he wants to decriminalize it on a federal level and leave it up to the states.
Damn 24 years old What a terrible tragedy
Pfff... haha
$$$$$$
"Indeed, but I figured I'd mention a common hypothesis."
"u jus a belt, cuz"
I warned ya!
"here to enter, also!"
Dumb and dumber
You can see that they're not getting shot at.
Barack Obama's only had the one wife.
You're welcome.
Voting for the party that will immediately implement huge tax cuts for the wealthy even though it's been proven for decades to not be beneficial to the working class will help them how?
progamers don't have to fear their careers being on the line due to sudden balance changes except that koreans are barred from competition
"You worthless, milquetoast piece of human garbage, get me my ducking enchiladas, lol"
"I've thought that too, but to be honest I'm afraid of scaring him off by demanding to know what's going on if he's maybe starting to think about dating."
Allegedly.
Something need doing?
I think Poland would disagree with you.
Sunflower kind of already has one with the bee like cosmetics for each part.
I'm on n0things side
"Ooze, far more consistent, and only requires 1 color."
Not to mention Nakamura
Ten feet smaller!
I didn't like your comment because you're an idiot so I downvoted it because you're an idiot
ROOSH B ROOSH B BLYAT
"Holy Shit, someone actually using SPGs properly in Syria!"
"Cool, I wont be able to play comp with you but ill add you if you just want to play casually."
"Like calling other people ""trash"" like OP did?"
Inb4 someone calls this a death threat.
Stronghold Crusader 1/2 are really fun RTS games that can run perfectly on a potato.
"So, wait, you mean that the weeks of global Israel-bashing and shit-flinging over their reaction to Hamas might, just MIGHT, have been misplaced, just a wee bit?"
Paloma Faith
Chris smoove is really good
I'm a bruins fan.
he meant .30%
You do know that boxer is an unimpeachable progressive right?
What was the OG thread?
Sounds like a joke his buddies pulled and they just let it go.
"The bristles are so rounded, they're circles!"
oh boy I wish I lived in your world :/
My penis.
"Being a good DM is about facilitating fun for others, and encouraging players to do whatever crazy shit you never thought of but they brought up"
Yeah they shipped mine within 1 hour after I ordered mine.
"Some people passions make them a fortune, so.."
Yet my toe not being behind the car I'm trying to hide with as Ana gets me killed.
What's stopping you?
Speak for yourself.
"If the roster of Theory, Neslo, Goon, and Sharp happens again, it will be the roster that never placed outside T4."
But can it hold Hyugas tiger shot?
Well yeah I generally don't make people's family planning issues a part of my political stance.
^^ trolling
Step 1) Have a stupid haircut Step 2) Be a little fat girl Step 3) Lead North Korea
Yeah I forgot this sub can't pickout hyperbole more flagrant cues...
Tags on underwear are equivalent to the product stickers that won't peel all the way off the item.
She had to get her brother out because he had just thrown her out of the house after having punched Topher's character as well - I don't think her brother would've been in a very receptive mood if she had just driven back.
"They could probably get it running at full 4K or at least very close to it thanks to it's amazing optimization and the game is just so good so this would be an amazing combo, would definitely play some more even though I have the platinum."
"mumbai never gave a rats ass, only in 90s SS rule there was some respect to bandhs"
"Yes, please use report button in future, removed!"
... The entire point of this thread...
BANG
if we stopped using pennies why do I have so many in my pockets in my change dishes?
At least you didn't post a gif this time.
Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Good thing they aren't going to balance around low level players buying an ok and then low level players complaining about the ok item.
have you considered repairing the screen?
Alternatively there were three cars headed the wrong way and the fourth car was simply minding his business then WHAM!
Clutch defense - especially after a missed game winner - doesn't get as much love as Clutch shots.
"I'm not your respectable woman, cunt."
I can't upvote that enough.
"To be honest I don't think anybody remembers Catwoman specifically as a female superhero film, but just as a superhero film on par with the likes of Green Lantern, Spawn and Daredevil [the one with Ben ""CAN'T WAKE UP"" Affleck, of course]."
Yeah my hair always ends up knitted into my projects.
"I was one victory from winning a copy of Maya in a Rock, Paper, Scissors competition, opened with rock, lost."
"Yea, in hindsight I should have Swapped him for iMOTM Dempsey, but I sold Gonzalez, Jones and Donovan when their prices peaked."
"When I was 16 I was no where annoying as some of these people, don't generalize."
Yea sure why not psn SamTheMan952
Knawledge*
OHMYGALKSAJFDLSKJFSLAFDITSADUCK I would love to react to someone with anatidaephobia
The Liberal party and it's supporters have really tarnished out international reputation.
"We're not fat shaming her, we're shaming her because she thinks we're fat shaming her."
Uhhhhh I think you just suck at posing...
robits*
"I didn't know it existed for cases, that's all."
I filmed this using a Canon 650D.
ITT: Hilariously bitter married people
Who cares if they're smart if they write like 12 year olds (no offence Vaxei)
If you thought people not rewinding their rental tapes was bad...
She was looking a little angular
That would just make him Mal'Ganis but not just for Warlock.
"And in-game before every skill another contract or answer a popup question like ""are you sure, this may be considered as toxicity?"""
That is pure fucking genius
Dragonite Ovaltine The N The Reeboks The Grape The Asus The Cost
Caregiver at an assisted living facility.
If only all forms of energy were decided that way!
"I agree, that's exactly what he said."
And worst of all they never come when they say they will
he has a particular set of skills...
Even the cat looks shocked.
This sub over values prospects way too much.
I believe that would fall under personal information.
Anyone else see the blue eyes staring out at them in the final picture?
"Pretty easy when the fuel costs are zero and you don't have to worry as much about digging up farm land (hell, you can stick wind farms and still have farmland getting used underneath amazingly).. You'd think that politicians would realise this.. (that's the whole point of renewables!!)"
"Durant: ""I'm taking my talents to 1946"""
Ohhhh I 'member
Maybe it will be me :p
[TRIGGERED]
I have to suffer enough as an Oilers fan for fucks sake.
The other one I see people hanging on is a vote for anyone but hillary is a vote for trump.
Yup!
maybe ;)
"genesect received, ty"
Get ublock origin.
I did not have a permission slip for this feels trip.
I especially like the Dutch ones!
Good cunt
FTFY: Lego Lasses
356
"VAC bans are game specific You CAN get your account banned, but they are separate from VAC bans"
"If you knew what a strawman argument is you would recognize that is what your comment did, ""they are picking on Hillary"""
You're not looking in the right places
"I guess that's what the announcer said when he stated ""I guess he'll just take the DQ."""
Didn't he lose the Jewish vote by like 50%
Just imagine Roundabout playing at the end of the video...
I think right now the owner of said stolen ship gets their crimestat raised as well.
That's a nice-ass garden
"I could see him being able to clear jungle camps effectively, if you bounce your 1 through the creeps and have it bounce back to them, you can do quite a bit of damage."
I have been playing since silver and have not even seen one that i could catch
Cuz it's easy..... And it does a lot of damage
"I recognized the launcher music, but where is the first track from?"
"Right before the fireball hits it's target that's when you zap, or if you need to fireball earlier then wait for it to hit then look where the troops scattered and then zap"
Gifs that end too soon
Killed so hard
*Megan...*
I went to AT&amp;T with a co worker earlier this week and they wouldn't give us the box or new accessories...
He's the type of guy that would hand out blankets to the Native Americans.
If you've ever tried to make a new one you'll know people have thought of everything
smooth as a cucumber
Commodore VIC-20.
They steal all my shit at work all the time.
I'm not sure the original comment was intended as a criticism.
Well and I thought it couldn't get any worse... haha
Reverse elitism.
Not MLG ready.
So all of them?
Without seeing what other champs might get from all the changes who knows the end result... but I was super excited about when they were playing with warrior getting an AD bleed so this is just as good for me.
How is Conor McGregor the manlet?
"I know there are a lot of other nice things about the prequels, but Drew Struzan made some really epic posters for those three movies."
"Randomly when shooting, you will gain various weapon effects, such as shooting like you're Grog Nozzle affected, or shooting like you're getting Funzerkered."
Or a Massive earthquake will level the Metropolis like it just came out of WW2.
Give a compelling reason to consider it so.
Me and my girlfriend have worked out boys names but we don't have any good girls names.
"If you look really closely, your computer is now actually Deacon in disguise."
It does because you guys aren't even quoting the reference properly
I may not know how Treyarch does their business but I think they take way longer than a month to make the maps
bretty dank/420
"""Maybe I'm a man and maybe I'm a lonely man Who's in the middle of something That he doesn't really understand"""
Because he doesn't know what objective means.
Gatling guns are legal to own.
"inb4 obligatory ""what's wrong with being gay"" comment."
"If ignorance truly is bliss, you must be the happiest man alive :)"
"Why did you capitalize ""gay""?"
"If a defending player is out of bounds like Wall is, is he allowed to make contact with the player with the ball?"
LALALA I CANT HEAR YOU RUINING MY CHILDHOOD
That was the best two hours I've spent today.
Upper West side near Riverside drive between 90th and 120th.
I don't really see any contact though....
We got you a present
Annie
I'm just sad that the shadow shot thing lasted so long and Titans only got like 1 day of infinite hammers
Something something sandbox mode
But it's dry heat ;)
Such a stupid excuse
That's what I'm saying
ONI fuels the civil war so they can get away with that sort of thing.
News Flash: convenience costs money.
Need more nudes
Never.
bruv u forgot the favicon.
"Fuck it, 27K's."
I admittedly laughed my ass off at this.
Mine is uncontrollable beacause I cannot say no to ladies.
"Makes me think first year RG, I love it!"
*If you are in a stack; pick a support.
Shotgun shitting
I'm sorry sir but because you've recently posted on a marihuana subreddit we have come to the conclusion that you partake in the herb and you are F I R E D !
Butt he's got an asshat!
I knew things were bad but not this fuckedup.
That's 10 seconds more than I need ;)
That was a cool pump fake!
10
What is the proper term then?
I didn't even upvote this post but it's sitting on 11.6k and my vote won't make a difference anyway
You might've been using porn to cover depression.
Stephen Harper never won re-election so not quite
A lot of underwear has weinerholes
Anyone with a highly contagious disease
"Brooklyn is way cheaper than ""$2000 a month broom closet""."
So we talking a teenage Shaquille here?
Yeah he's probably the TA
The latter is how pretty much all of politics and business networking works though.
The caucus for the great state of Denial and all of it's million delegates.
Funeral services will be held in France and Belgium
I would love to see him say that to Colin's face.
Consultant?
Thank you for your concern.
"It's a matter of opinion, not ""evidence""."
I think this person is fibbing.
A person with a really messed up life and a masturbation addiction perhaps?
"Holy mother of fuck, 50%, and just look at the selective censorshit."
That's a lot better than other names I've been called.
"Chicken Joe definitely smoked tons of weed, but I don't need to tell my son that for a few more years."
Yeah that well taken goal by Rooney in the dying seconds of the Burnley match certainly boosted our title chances...oh wait.
ughhhhhhh
*click*
thanks mate
"Nope, still waiting :(."
Propaganda like a wall or propaganda like terrorists around every corner?
Everyone is just constantly fucking
War has a long history of selection bias in which stories are told about it.
"Strange it is, if they don't hand out Bible or bring up Jesus."
"Yeah, because if you do talk about it, someone will cry ""rape"" and try to end your career before it ever starts."
This is a complete rip-off of that Mothers and Father's Matter fleg that was around Ireland in the runup to the referendum
This is the exact same footage that was posted two or three times just yesterday.
If I pulled a random Trout I'd be the sticky one.
"All up with with shipping included will cost approximately 30aud, with DHL shipping from what I hear taking roughly 3-4 business days from despatch to door"
Landry
"I was thinking g it sounded a bit like ""Unwound"""
Good for the 2 people who get to use it.
Just did a raid and dropped some tokens
It sounds to me like Suthep Wongkamhaeng.
What natures are the Froakies btw?
but are those companies worth investing in?
"Lol, i like how they think these long term outlooks based on short term trends mean anything."
"Until we hit some sort of crisis where luddite thinking becomes very popular, then many rivers will run with sparks!"
Pick up a book OP.
"I do it because it's free, it works, and it doesn't get crap all over my hands."
"Nomism, the whole point of the Gospel is that none by their own merits are righteous."
Am I speaking to a 3 year old lmao
"While I can agree with this statement as I can confirm this driver is indeed an asshole, nobody deserves to have hot coffee thrown on them."
"lea, that you?"
Where is Vicente Fox's brick going to go?
"Not OP,but nah it doesn't suck."
Not to mention just dropping EarthBound Beginnings on us like it was nothing - the rest of E3 could have been Reggie farting in the camera for three days straight and I would have still been satisfied.
Concealed Carry on campuses is a pretty tricky thing to bring up.
I'm from Europe and I have very few complaints about my ISP.
"As long as it isn't filmed in the same manner of Cloverfield, it could be interesting."
Still.. russia is not at war with ukraine..
"338,772 Dragon Ball Xenoverse."
Delivery weed plus delivery munchies (via prime now or instacart) is like the anti-New-Year's-resolution.
"Harry catching on to the time travel, of course."
Where we're purring you won't need eyes!
The disposition matrix has you
I think its a well-known fact that anything Publix makes is amazing.
Idk why he comes to our games honestly
That's not a knife...
Now we just need to see the making of for the Brooklyn garbage
"They are, but it doesn't mean its not sexy"
This comment is so ironic it's literally embarrassing for you.
Or even battle.net~ hearthstone has been patching recently.
I'm constantly taking things out of my toddlers mouth that could kill him and I KNOW he thinks I'm the asshole.
"Well, it's just a Western Europe problem, they are so brainwashed and politically correct that they simply refuse to accept it."
shhhhh just let them complain.
I contribute to the max every time it resets and I still only get 1 notification per day
bee too thanks
the park is suposed to be some peaceful place though.
"I'm sorry, maybe you can ask Jeremy Corbyn to recommend a Homeopathic treatment to soothe your butthurt."
A metric shitton on FE prep stuff.
s-s-senpai?
Connection via the prefrontal cortex.
easy: Graphic settings: low.
Somebody want to give us the short version of this article for those of us boycotting CNET for being corporate whores?
Or just eating.
"People aren't taking it for cheaper fares, they're taking it for the experience and less hassle."
"sure my ign is the same as my reddit name, you can add me and we'll see what happens!"
10 + 15 = 25 ?
*lifts fingernail*
I can
"I searched for ""arse vase"" , ""butt vase"" , and ""ass vase"" and nothing came up"
Will probably be accurate.
Hence yet another reason why rebellions should not count as a war.
**TRIGGER ME TENDIES**
btw i m a grill ;)
Yet that resulted in the space shuttle orbiter being way more expensive.
You; must; not; forget; I: Sergeant; Semicolon.
"additionally in the ""what does it mean to be human"" frame of work, Under The Skin"
Do what now?
I have a feeling you don't understand the Mandela Effect.
I don't trust anything a Boston fan says about LeBron.
Baka's laugh is something
"Her mom said ""you should visit me more often"" when we went out shopping"
"Hey I don't know how to link comments on here, but I did infact just make a list of comedies I like to another guy on this very thread...go into my history and it should be like at the very top, below this one."
* Nats would have the best record in the league * Royals would regress a lot * Astros would finish near the bottom of the west * Nelson Cruz would struggle in Safeco * Padres would be pretty good
"Lack of decision centre, more liberal interpretation of holy books and therefore more extreme views visible."
Looks like a whole lot of shit that can break easy.
U fokin wot m8?
Because it overwhelms you...
After a Bush we would've elected a bag of sand if it had D next to his name.
What?
Democrats are liberals
The only way to prevent kill stealing if they actually followed aerial warfare rules and awarded split kills
"Sweet man, message me or the alliance leader on Line, I'm fannybandito and he is cptspaulding :D"
Is this the only place I will be able to find it?
"And if you eliminate everything with seeds, all you have are stems, roots and leaves."
Post the study then.
I personally hate brutalism but that's just because it got really really popular where I live so :/
Or in a BO5/BO3 yep
"Well he is not really a nobody,he got a movie about his life."
Don't you upload at the huge crystal(s) surrounded by metal?
?
I did that.
you can eat one too
Or... you know... use a password?
Watch out spiderman the symbiotes are in town.
I guess I don't get how two private organizations can even be allowed to influence a public office like they are in the first place.
"Yeah, it's one of my favourite themes in the the game too."
"College chicks bro, college chicks."
"I don't disagree, but it's still better than having to pay real money for it"
How does this post have more upvotes than the video has views?
That's amazing... but could someone explain the uses of this?
The store and community are on different servers.
"Jimbo, dabo, petterson, and Harbaugh could do it."
Lost?
"The second one most likely, though my friend is gonna lose his virginity there to his SO, who is hosting the party"
"Don't sleep, there are no beds in the tower, become one with your guardian, Guardian."
But... He said I'd be shocked by what his never-sent investigators in Hawaii found out.
Extreme situations call for extreme measures.
Edgy as fuck
"Pretty much what you said.I could actually make a Dragon Priest but even for that I need 1 Cabal,1 Ysera and 1 or 2 Lightbombs and even then I would be skipping Vol'Jin.I only have 880 dust right now and I'm trying to gather some more playing arena to make a better deck for constructed."
"hotd, chen and rubick multiple times buffed jungle creeps?"
Fuckin A!
Fantastic reference.
But... but DRONES!
How'd you go down to street level in google earth?
"No worries man it's cool, happens to all of us."
Please check out the resources section of our wiki for links and suggestions!
You can do this repeatedly on the Diversion Channel in Southeast Missouri
"you do understand that not being MARKED classified does not equal them being ""not classified"" dont you?"
That sounds like a win to me to be fair
"No, he needs to get pneumonia and send an email first to merit any media attention whatsoever."
Just sharing conspiracy theories
And so the ultimate security hole is simpleton bean counter managers who don't think to pay those people well.
2 months for us to finally get green keep in EB.... 2 months ;~;
"Not really misleading, it's exactly what is shown in the info that is available including the **"
Can we be best friends?
srsly
Uma thurmon in kill bill
But they don't agree with abortions Some (a lot) would argue that PP prevents a lot more abortions than it performs PP tries its damndest to prevent pregnancies
Not a great troll
Had the 800 kills for 3 done
But not as awe inspiring.
Mental health is such an ignored topic.
still costs money to go through the whole process.
Live he sounds terrible trying to do them.
All cats are beautiful.
I already have a upgraded cpu cooler :)
"I'm asking why you think he would do it then, and not sooner."
How is the 660ti weak?
pretty much what happens to me every time i attempt to climb at the rock gym ( I usually make it only a few stories up).
"Yea, but the context that adreN hasnt been performing for a long time."
Another Russian import.
FireCake has around 130 apm
"I love everything about Christian Yelich, hate that he plays for Miami"
I love it when racist jimmies get rustled.
I only got one
"model is very ugly, 2/10"
Coming from experience I agree with you.... They have 0 traction always.
Zargarude Sandstorm
"My guess is that it will bounce, but will eventually come to a rest."
Thanks for sharing
He is old now when he started he was quite the looker
Don't you think it's a problem if we can't check for that?
/thread
Thanks \^^
Wow!
"Even when he loses, he always get under 16."
Peri!Hisame is ridiculous.
"Only performance bonuses I can think of that matter would be either pro-bowl or, more importantly, All-Pro berths."
You're welcome!
Arnold_LiftaBurger M.D.
"You're right, its an edited video with obvious skips and edits"
Write-ins are not allowed in my state...
"I would think for a hide a seek, during trading hours, you would want to encourage it as it is just more customers in the store."
"I prefer the ""seerphone."""
"I remember all those hypothetical elections McCain and Romney won during convention time, too."
What are you yelping about?
I think we shouldn't have sold Toni Kroos only to give Xabi the salary that Kroos wanted in the first place.
Is there anyone else who thinks that Priyanka is just gonna embarrass us?
At least you get your skins back.
I think it still looks pretty cool...
wonder how many new fans he won't get in 2017 with no ranked border or victorious skin to prove he's actually good at all.
"If you're in the Big XII and not TCU, and you say anyone other than Baylor you're wrong."
yeah this stings.
Don't tell me what to Doot
I hope she apologized 100 times!
It is time for all faiths to step up and denounce their fundamentalists.
Also bc they know it's a problem and there isn't anything they can do rn.
"If you remix the remix, is it just back to normal?"
"As much as I could try, it is not."
"As a server admin in sandbox games, I'll regularly cheat in materials for the sake of not spending eight hours to get my building idea out."
I love both but Harmony is soooo good IMO
No worriez man
Thats the bike with the fuel tank in the back right?
Now I know you have nothing to say.
I think you meant 'hodl'
"Yep, Bought the Fallout Anthology and I loved 1 &amp; 2"
"there's an AC, but it gets sucked up the hoods before it hits me :("
Too bad they scrapped the big dog.
"We just signed that Nelson Valdez fellow, he's a forward."
pm it
This dude looks a lot like Darshan
Just for shits and giggles what two painkillers did you mix?
"Nope, but I tell people who think YIFY is good why it's shit."
Team of 2 add dc_witness
What a great coach he is.
"I wasn't actually there, fortunately."
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh maybe.
That's a filibuster.
It wasn't a jet.. It's reported as a Russian spyplane.. So its most likely an IL-20
Asperger's?
against an omniknight and a sven you need all the purge you can get
I respect a feller that takes his downvotes like a champ and doesn't delete.
May I remind you that Pakistan and other African nations are part of the common wealth.
Tres
Amen.
"Seriously, and then the people that walk in such irregular patterns that you cant pass them because they're bound to randomly cut a certain way."
once BFZ rotates itll be playable; is that a possibility that you were hinting at?
Especially when Woody uses the top reply as his answer
Could they also have towed the vehicle as evidence of the impersonation and the search was an inventory?
m'perk
"Anxiety, so I'm too scared to correct misunderstandings."
"Washington, He was six foot-eight and weighed a fucking ton."
420/69
Trump's closest advisor.
I gets real lonely out there...
Horse
Also Sweden is part kebab so you get to remove some
"Careless lack of door-locking, that's what!"
Every douchebag with abs lol
"some say mass surveillance actually hinders their ability due to the enormous amount of data to go through, the whole needle in a haystack thing then there's all of the simple ways to avoid this and the whole lack of terrorist attacks in australia, we have much more domestic violence occurring than 'terrorism' ... to me it's... a huge cost being forced onto consumers for their own surveillance ... very little bang for buck i m o ...also the huge stores of data will be a huge honeypot for hackers to target :/ ... also where is it even going to be stored?"
"Yes, and all others."
"It shortens the video, and cuts out a lot of ""Eumm"" moments."
i hope the UN won't send them cholera like previously
Kim Jong Un Edit : all the Kim Jongs
1/10000
Ditto (just a newbie warlock at l260 trying to experience that stuff that needs preformed striketeams) PSN name is Reddit username
Do you think existence of systemic prejudices against race is unironically denied often in this sub?
I've found my spirit cable!
Maybe sometime nearer to his AI book
"Didn't play in 5 months, went from LE to nova 3 :,("
They defended trump too and still got downvoted?
"Somebody played that same joke at the house party I was at, we all laughed."
I don't think that's even logistically possible given Guantanamo's size
walk away and get on with your day
Bernman and O'Mally
It'll probably get an official release so we might be waiting for a little while...
Make sure those stickers dont leave any rez
"Hey, I got to vote yes on this one."
Repeatable damage above the curve.
Sadly it won't be in NFL's Free Game Fridays either as the Pats had a lot of games to choose from
What's stopping you?
You can't get in if your intelligence is too high but nothing says you can't be a cop with a child's IQ!
Should I store my inventory somewhere first?
My only basketball jersey (despite being a Bulls fan) is an LBJ Cavs throwback.
W8QLCG73T6P
Wait for the stars to no longer be in the proper alignment and then put it at the bottom of the sea?
fuck I thought that was a mirror.
Interesting wonder weapons and more map exclusive and era weapons
That my kids lol
Lmao my bad
I dunno
Libya
How did you know?
.... someone should start this
It is trickier than I thought
"The guy who leaves should be punished, but the remaining 4 players should not."
"Surprised there even is a curfew there, doesn't look like a residential area (but I've never been)."
"My nephew just got one of these, prepared for this"
carefully noting this for later
"I'm in Sweden and we sure as hell don't deserve Trump, we need him badly though."
I could have sworn that you were going to make a MGS reference...
"While it was stupid for an executive to post, it's pretty true."
The creators even acknowledged this.
"I thought it was the new expansion team, the ""Mexican Blades""?"
Whoever is the Grandwizard right now
Shittier post.
Yadier Molina
No not really but thanks
Mercury does not go in your dick-hole.
"Sometimes Redlands Vinyl and Collectibles has some good stuff, or maybe every now and then the Hollywood vendor spot in Redlands Galleria."
Imagine if she just drops out because she can't handle it anymore and there's only one candidate left months before the official election
This sounds like the same Canadian guy that scared that bear off...
First thing I thought of when I saw this thread!
Tfw you know there shall be a USS Donald J. Trump.
Tons of former players is your reason.
Would you rather he didn't and let it trickle onto the net?
I've played Sparky since before it got buffed... oh wait...
So I wouldn't be able to FP for a teammate unless I have lvl 5 on the camp they want?
My microwave is programmable so you can reprogram the popcorn button to a specific time.
"I have sunk many hours into Omega Ruby and Y, but I have never played GO."
gl my friend
"""... So who did you catch ""asshole"" from then?"""
"For all we know, OP could be an ass man."
They're always armed and/or dangerous until the video leaks.
It's also gettin hot on heerr
K thx bai :3 &lt;3
The article is about Muslims in the UK not about Muslims around the world.
"Don't care what anyone says, this wonderful gift to soccer sent from the heavens is incomparable."
"There open to everyone, from what I hear."
It's probably already happening.
I usually watch the archived videos after I get my first blind run in.
Enjoy the most bland and badly casted (except for Chris Pratt) blockbuster movie of the 2015 summer.
Having fun is a feeling every League player should experience again.
Poultri-fried.
With a designated GPU?
The plate or the apple sticker underneath it?
they are awesome.
I believe Ant's forehead holds the secrets to immortality.
Welcome to being a conservative in 2016
*you're*
He just sounded shocked and sad to me.
"If ""your wife"" is still eligible as a parent then you can still be drafted"
"I always try to clear the entire map before satellites, though few games go that far anyway"
I read that in Gollum's voice.
Doubt they would work OT just for a weekly update.
Standard of living is not the same thing as economic equality.
they rush and pray but it works.
"Yes, it's the combination and the Chinese continue to play their best game: the waiting game"
You can do it but you're not gonna get good framerate in all games.
"For the record, I think we just need to put this thread on pause."
"Next time I see a Dad being awesome I'll be sure to let them know, and then howl and run off."
"I used slice for a few years, but with Google now it's no longer needed."
Just like Wikileaks
"That's actually illegal, no matter who owns the residence"
Thats yo whole thang?
Were they homeless?
The electromagnetic spectrum!
"To be fair, BMac's face is like six inches from his crotch."
Balance between sauce and cheese... anyone?
I really do appreciate these kind of simple building instructions for redstone mechanisms
Post of the day.
Ed Helms
Way to put the punchline in the title also...
Most people don't know this or they ignore it because they want to hate on GM and Chrysler.
Like artificially inflating your downloads and podcast reach to sell man purses?
I concede the point
Should've resembled granny smith.
Hellfire missiles will do.
"Not sure but even analog users think my second hand vapor is dangerous, so the propaganda war is being won."
His internet is sideways?
American.
Condolences to you and your family.
After she heals in the hospital she'll have to return to the same home.
"British Columbia, Canada."
Fucking Helena
"You are 100% right, hopefully Reddit forgives you."
This is how civilized nations accommodate air space intrusions.
"It wasn't the patrons creating the shit storm... For the most part it was just ""haters"" (people that want to be upset about something)."
Blu kote to prevent getting henpecked
He's always been clickbait.
Yeah essentially
No it's a drug first you just want a road then you want a fucking bridge next you'll want a fucking public Hyperloop and a transport 'grid'.
"Damnit quick search, y u do dis to me."
"oh, sorry for assuming."
"Puh-lease, you only get that trite for the cartoon strips!"
Can't go wrong with the Axon 7
welp I appear to be retarded.
There was much more snark in bl2
And white las sounds so forced... black lash has such a better ring to it
Q6600 8 gigs ddr2
*rubs his head* *squints eyes* *stares* *looks around* *angrily says:* You can't tell me what to do Rick!
Thats cuz its for nostalgia.
Loading screens on Mass Effect games are what commercials are to football games.
"I remember when I was waiting for Bleach Hell Chapter to come out in english subs (movie) it took like, maybe 4-6 months, IIRC, which I might not."
14x1000lb on the Lancaster
touche
"I know, right :D Browsing random shit at very late night made me miss the post date"
The exposed boob ain't so bad either.
"RG3 will think that, but it won't be true."
When everybody is looking for a government handout...
Awww
Last panel wasn't necessary
Expect a lot of collateral damage.
Will other people hear this or will it just be in my head?
This is amazing.
"not that it detracts from your main point or anything, but Coretta Scott King died nearly a decade ago."
That's sure to change his mind!
It's a fluff ball!
My sister has had two internships and is still having trouble finding a job.
"Nah, we're not that involved with that kind of stuff."
I met her once and disagree with every part of that statement.
"You know, it's what you measure your coil in... Or a popular character on the BBC - not sure."
Ive literally never had that happen.
Count me in!
"Also, didn't he die off af an aneurysm not many years later?"
Indonesia is such a hot head HUEEHUEHUEUHEHEUH
"Cotija, fresco sucks on corn."
The way that each episode is carrying over to the next and it is extremely relevant is amazing.
Was talking about deepak shirole
make like greg and leave your family
0 would be equal to ab + (+-a(-b)) with this rule set.
"Little known scientific fact, brought to you by the Texas Public Education System: humans taste like eucalyptus."
LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA I'M NOT LISTENING!
I'd be down for the Wings and Whiteboy show
Superman would disagree with that.
Yeah I think he's more likely to go to Milan or Chelsea
"And present at conferences, symposia, etc., where they teach others to do the same."
People have been saying that since time immemorial.
What TV?
Happy wedding cakeday!
Argument ad populum.
Because it's like you said: she's not concerned about anyone's needs but hers.
Mission accomplished.
Not enough Nepu Nepu in this thread.
Thanks!
I didn't ;)
What are the specs?
"Please, no moor."
I have
Don't your profs upload the slides or something like that?
Maah chandrakanta.
I'm sure he was quite amazed with your new-fangled gadgetry that can do all kinds of extraordinary wonders.
Hollywood will release a few more movies and documentaries on the Nazis to get our minds right.
"Complaining won't help, tickets are only valid if stamped."
"""Shit's hapenning let's just not do anything and ignore it LALALALALA CAT PICTURES CANT HEAR YA"" Nice thinking bro"
Embrace your awkwardness.
Is trap tranny rap?
"If someone only started watching football around then, and chose to follow them because they liked that they were successful and had awesome players, why is that so bad ?"
"I tried and I could not find any of the generic markers they mentioned in the study, I searched for the position they gave as well as the SNP name :("
"I'll just be sitting here in the White House waiting for them then, so they can kill two birds with one stone."
"Canadian Pebble Time user, Eagerly waiting for 1.4 because this 1.3 OS is almost unusable vs Pebble."
"Don't know what the downvotes are for, you are right."
"I have the most normal boner right now... and I downloaded her snorlax album when it was posted on here; thanks, I haven't seen some of these yet and she's still cute as fuck."
"""The car needs *to be* washed"" and ""the lawn needs *to be* mowed."""
"Not looseleaf paper, stuff like index and business cards"
"You even drew the TACAN stack on the H.W., I think I love you."
I don't like you now.
and even by the 4th year our police force wouldn't be properly prepared
Beware of Greeks trying to steal your warmth.
Some people have the best basements.
Think you'll die before your mom?
They think he's below them.
Van Mansveld mag van mijn part haar biezen pakken
She tried to feed her family her cancer-ridden father's organs and invited an invincible tumordemon for Thanksgiving.
Superbly said!
"No, the other maps should be the same chance, we don't want dust_2 again."
"This font, I can't even ..."
Clearly a fish rock...
U
dae old memes r better?
Harsh toke dude.
I'm guessing a Moscow Major after TI.
This one hurts me the most.
That's actually a smart funnyman name for league of legends or something RigidSlutXXX
You still haven't learned to read but you continue on your rude tirades.
The reformation in europe led to tons of violence...
"Edmonton, Alberta"
"I'd use the remind me bot or something (look it up, I'm not familiar on how to use it) but I'm just banking on randomly remembering this event in a few months and googling on a whim."
And Kerplackistan
"""Good teams can overcome bad calls"""
Interesting username you got there.
I just watched boat trip and it was more enduring the second time around.
"That bit of skill from Coutinho was amazing, just enough to make enough room for himself to shoot."
"Don't hate, some of us play for the love of the game :'("
Is he all frowny faced cause they shot the poor wannabe-murderer?
"""We're gonna build a false wall to keep these wires out, and we're gonna Make them pay for it!"""
how hard u think about that?
"A country that's on the verge of leaving the EU wants to ask the EU to block Russia from SWIFT so that Russia-EU trade would suffer not to mention any retaliatory sanctions that this move would bring... Yeah, how about we don't let ""potentially exiting in the near future"" countries decide EU policies?"
link to the ama?
"Oohhhh... thanks, I'm dumb."
I've heard some negative feedback about it but I didn't figure the story would be amazing in the first place.
Meth is a strong drug
I need to vomit now.
Mind = Blown
"And Africa, the Middle East, and Southwest Asia."
Maybe the protests didn't hit the required size to be attacked electronically?
My friend said he was really disappointing there
"And yet, very much like what Hitler did in Germany..."
"In truth, it's more like ""Guilty until proven rich."""
Oh dear... how does reddit even function without imgur?
Libertarianism is a modest philosophy after all
It's very easy to find shitty people on twitter.
"Can we get a new cold war, trains race?"
I don't because I spend too much
"He said f2p MMO, he didn't mention anything about not paying an initial price for the game."
"As an atheist immigrant to Sweden, you're equally xenophobic with all of us independent of race or religion..."
Master of Puppets?
Please someone photoshop Barbera into this guys face.
"North Korea has a habit of Orwelling its allies out of its history, so that everything can be attributed to the glorious Kims."
Nah
"Realistically, even if we did fill all the available edges and he opened more, no one else is going to back it."
I fell in love with all of them.
"They're probably overthinking it because they think it's some sort of trick question, that the most obvious answer wouldn't be correct."
and none of it is conected to being social
How can he find the time between all of the TV appearances?
Why not buy from the Microsoft store?
Forg1ven is easily 1.
Twist - goldfish can live 50 years.
I haven attended any LAN party :(
Sleep tight pupper
R9 290 here and it runs fine for me.
Right on!
If anyone is willing to set this up i will sticky the events to make them official.
"I wonder if this bloke realizes that his country's neighbor, New Zealand, also has not experienced mass shootings and high violent crime WITHOUT the same draconian gun laws?"
a scanner darkly
Way to not put my appointment in my agenda
"Holy fuck, you are so god damn stupid."
"Well, to me, ""fight the good fight"" has the semantic baggage of the implication that you don't really expect to win, something that might be said by a lifestyle-activist who participates in lost cause activism merely as a feel-good part of their identity and not really to accomplish much."
Wow.
inviting you now
Too bad for this suggestion SB49 would be a very Seattle heavy crowd.
Who?
I think the whole uncertainty of what may happen in the case of an exit may still be enough to tilt the result in favour of staying.
I didnt agree with the 2nd one... but damn 3 minutes and 2 fouls already
What do the colors represent?
Just a regular flick
"40,000 before 2018"
He had to make sure other people could *sea* that he wasn't *lion* about the encounter.
Cuz Marcus Smart is trash
Whats not?
Nah just the ones who out their fingers in their ears and ignore the problems yelling were the best.
I wonder what the point of seeing ultraviolet light would be.
ITT: A stomach-churning amount of misogyny...
"nah i get the ""Look at me the wrong way and I'm gonna oneshot you bro-mage"" vipe from him"
"I'm sure she does, nudge nudge, wink wink!"
He'll be home soon to blow off some steam with an R-rated movie.
Yes educate me I'm dumb please
"I've felt a lot of things playing video games, but I can say with 100% certainty that sexy wasn't one of them."
"My favorite so far has got to be ""is that ibuypower?"""
"It would seem your English teacher was ignorant herself, since ""intentional ignorance"" would become ""stupidity"" or ""passive aggression""."
Sorry you died in a block on practice?...
Glad it worked for you
The french and american revolution
I bet the driver was shocked when it broke
"Wait, is this post a joke?"
"####The white, adhering fanatically to his barbaric religions of conservatism, capitalism, and Christianity, is in dire need of civilizing."
Mom!
"I meant I didn't attempt to explain it well, it is quite relevant."
wait another 4 months buddy
Should have at least 107 dribbling.
GOT EM
No juice forever!
Can you do average guys of different races/ethnicities please?
No
thank mr skeltal *doot doot*
He meant more along the lines of naming one pro COD gamer that is out there not just people that play under envy.
"They made / contributed to several releases this decade (Dota 2), but you're right they probably dont have anything to show."
"good thing they nerfed the tinker, void is so balanced right now"
Golden Tate!
Did you respond to the wrong comment?
I want one.
crowdsourcing at its finest.
"uhm, read the title?"
How can you say that after having seen Arkarium?
"Oligarchy v Democracy, more like it."
"Cat was given coffee, vodka and a smoke - Is recovering wonderfully."
Why would the Irish be there?
"Because ever since WoTC took over the official policy has always been ""We only support the current edition?"""
"This is a completely unrelated comment, but please tell me your username is a reference to Murdock from the A-team."
"what the hell was this chat though, why do you pitchfork Mh for no reason after KZ gets WR"
"At a minimum, it would have contained sine of the things that are common between Matthew and Luke, but that those two do not hold in common with Mark, along with some things that are common to all stories about Jesus, like John's Baptism of Jesus, the crucifixion, and the resurrection."
"Don't give up, skeleton!"
The irony is that it is the most mentally screwed people of all that want to deny mental issues are a thing.
The players not RPing are: Marth Barrizzle the Bamdiggler Biggus Dickus
"If Florida goes blue this year, I might forgive them for 2000."
Grafschaft Bentheim
"Well, you know what they say, ""Akuma Matata."""
can into mod now?
cable TV.
If they didn't shut down the 'SAMP' project...
Basic since he's a basic bitch
Unless he needs to drive to DC?
"He didn't 'get killed', he was murdered in cold blood, plain and simple."
Wasn't he in tna for a while?
A sword.
There some problem with being white?
We can't read anything on your blurry photo
1v1 me m8
Find a way to remove Addictions from the Paradise game code so your super soldier is not addicted to the sleep toxin you used on him during surgery.
Josh Wise mention @ 20 minutes.
And the article yesterday revealed from which floor he jumped from.
Is it really cosplay if it just looks like something someone would wear normally?
Thank you.
It is easier to for them to spin into a conspiracy because that hard evidence cannot be revealed to the public.
X-Files.
Dank references bros.
"Doubt he's fit cardio wise, also hes not exactly a small target"
Where is this camshow?
We have a man who is indeed going the places he travels.
"If I don't see a ""show on one page"" option, I close the tab immediately"
oh
And it also looks like this season will be done using SFM so production on it is going to be way better than before.
"Pretty much anybody who is falling in line by using approved vocabulary like ""alpha"", is self-identifying as a beta."
Do it way back.
I think everyone did...
It's beatiful!
"To be fair, there were far more entries for ""how to ask your boyfriend,"" than there were the opposite."
"BRB, calling to win a new ipod."
Added
HURR NO GTA V LOLOLOL
The joke is that the iPhone 7 doesn't have an audio jack.
infection in 5...
Tim Sherwood
Fuck the Saints
"If they let Kaep do his gazelle shit, then him."
Building steel.
"Just remember, a face can't get pregnant."
"The healing is lower unless you're very low health, then it's the same as live."
But for the other 99% of divorces between people who aren't part of the 1% it makes much more sense.
"FSA isn't a unified group, many of them are allied with ISIS/al-Nusra and the rest fights ISIS"
"How... how is wearing a scarf with images of the inside of someones vagina ""fighting the patriarchy""?"
At risk of looking like a knob -what is the joke for those of us who don't get it...
RIP Eminem.
"""All I'm saying is that I could offer up my loyal soldiers and closest friends as sacrifices for a demonic blood-orgy, and people would still vote for me."""
Oki doki
And I should probably refrain from using such condescending language in the future.
Took ya two days to come up with that?
and for the old school peeps not 'with it': Lurch from the Addam's Family ...
[citation needed] You are making tons of claims and generalizations with very little evidence.
"It's not surprising to me, chokers are excellent at defining a neckline."
please crop that shit next time
Man I'm still waiting on Ultimate Alliance 3...
lol
"Except for, you know hunting."
Me.
papa bless
idk
Obviously cashing in on all of the school shootings
"I am, I just told op."
"If youre not playing with anyone on xbox id highly recommend it, just because of how good the experience is with friends."
"Fuck, I can't unhear it now."
"It does work with them, as long as they are not Visa/Amex gift cards of Target gift cards."
"They said that in the poll changes that they would like to do would be : -Remove the website poll.Now this opens up them doing stuff like * Game can check stuff other then your total level such as quests that you 've done ,total hours played etc.. * You can vote abstained if you don't care about the question but you want to vote about others * You can change your vote This is all going to be discussed with players and polled in the future"
"No, if we just look at Roman Numerals: M = 1000 MM = 2000 (not 1000*1000)"
"He knows when you've been toking, so toke for goodness sake"
And... 2nd intermission wasn't much better.
Thad the Impaler
Rape... fucking these morons wouldn't know what rape was if it slaped them with a giant walrus.
anyone else notice marner said he played CoD (Call of Duty) the night prior but the subtitles had the word cards instead?
"Scene was removed, only available in extended version."
"Good 'ole Jo Ans, we'll never forget how you earned that gold star and neither will she."
Source for the first one ?
Jersey
"These are really great ideas, thank you!"
What if they were black/hispanic?
I did for a couple of years (still keep my calendar in icloud) but in that time it didn't improve at all so I went back to gmail.
The chemical connections in our brain that define who we are breaks down and we cease to exist.
Sure
"The Book of Mormon is interesting but a pretty obvious fraud, at least from the perspective of 99.7% of the world."
"""I hate you, Kenny."""
I find it hard to believe that happened unless you did not pre heat the oven or have the temp too low.
Well Shino was pretty upset as well....
#GUAC
My nuggets are also tingling for this season.
Ivanovic is a right back?
I'm going to have to be that guy...It was proven to be a fake story sorry OP did a search and news source is a joke site :/
Attributes considered to by typical for western countries.
"This annoys me just as much as drivers who don't put their lights on in the rain in built-up areas, visibility is already at an all time low and I have no idea if you're driving or not when all I see is grey"
I RESPECTFULLY SECOND THIS MOTION TO HOCKEY CORRECTLY!
Show us where the mean hut player touched you on this doll.
we're pissing away the last years of calvins greatness :(
I certainly hope she and her malignant husband both do exactly that.
Cat.
How does that happen?
This
"In other news, Rob Ford ate Taco Bell for lunch."
How fine a grind are you using?
Quit stealin' my cat's name.
Comes with by far the worst user manual ever written.
Made me sad
Fake and gay
and that's no moon
niiiiccceee...
Actually it does depending on what's said and the context of the situation
She only wants football players.
Why do you think he'd handle that first failure any better than he's been handling all of his past success?
"Implying playing VS is not like having aim assist, if you've ever played any FPS for any reasonable amount of time."
God damnit man this is why we can't have mice things.
A zone blocking run game and a power run game are two very different blocking schemes is all.
Wait... they changed the colours?
That's dope
"If life is based on sun composition and planet distance from said sun, wouldn't it make sense for satellites to have the same life as the planet they orbit?"
"OP, any idea when we'll know or when we can pre-order?"
"Please don't mistake my ignorance for prejudice, but how is the situation in Pakistan currently, safety-wise?"
"Only because Gokus has ""fainted"""
Your poor cousin.
"They'd work together if you used a heatsink, but it wouldn't look pretty."
"people are upset about ky being at 25, remember its not the best handles or scorer or shot, its the best players, thats why i am upset at curry being anywhere near the top 10. meaning if i took away curry's or ky's shot could they make a 12 man roster simply being a defender, or a roster being a rebounder like a rodman, TT or lebron, or could they be a shot blocker, or only a passer?"
I hope he still doesn't think this.
"My, how times have changed."
I thought he stole that off of Louis ck?
#*loudly hums the Star Wars theme*
Please explain why you think Im a troll and what post of mine made you believe that because Im not trolling
"Well, apple fans put up with a lot more before migrating to a completely different platform with all it's hassle than samsung users will to migrate to a phone with a different logo on the bottom/back/whatever."
"It might also be fascinating; and it is from September of 2001 but this sub is for current political discussion, try history porn or anything goes news."
It's just as dumb as it sounds: taking on the veil of a movement meant to keep politics *out* of people's personal lives to make a political stand against rampant sexism.
This is a prime example of jumping the shark....
I knew I was wrong because you said great players :(
Soooo why is this getting posted here?
DREW BREES WILL DIE ONE DAY.
Because it is now released as a Backward Compatible game and it was free with GwG quite some time ago.
Do they have doubles?
See how stupid they look.
"FYI I have the latest apk working on shield without sixaxis app, using the shield controller."
Contact Dave's Wallet recovery service.
34 here checking in.
It was a blu ray player when having the latest gadget wasn't some frivolous luxury like the Xbox eh?
"Fuck, the PS4 owners really got screwed here."
"Don't know how i've missed this, great track!"
Where is the quote or source for the claim that the judge has threatened contempt of court?
"Of course.. but ""no sign of Sanders"" isn't the case"
Of course they are working against it.
Thanks!
The force is strong in this one...
"Its complicated and nuanced, but yes."
What the hell happened in here?
LOL
Sorry.
Did you sign any contracts or waivers with the photographer?
He already has terrible impulse control.
OP is clever.
That can't be legal... or very good for the gun.
Adolf gets it.
I like fruity fractals.
/end potato
Thank you
"Except for the ones still in his spare magazines, so he'll fire reload and fire those off too, as fast as he possibly can."
Please post a link to the race so we over at XBL can see this.
Since when do 6th graders still use crayons?
add me
"4th quarter, or 8 touchdowns from now."
"Because of our Northern lands we tend not to get as much sun as other nations during the year, we've sent a diplomatic mission to the sun to ask them if they couldn't be more supportive of our drive to renewable energy by moving the star a bit."
"Oh no, poems gone wild!"
That's what she said.
I plan on copping and cutting off the FILA tag.
Women's sexual agency is scary as fuck to insecure men.
I pray that I don't get so many aces that it's no longer fun
Oh in that case they probably won't call it infinity so it's clear there's no backwards compatibility but they'll probably wait another couple months to make another kitchen sink style mod pack.
how big were bugs of the past?
Did you land dick first in Kathy Bates?
"[](/cheerilee) I don't think you forgot one, it's just that the formatting ate your Rarity point."
I doubt you need PSA for this because you bumped into one idiot.
"too bad the skins have no real monetary value in the eye of the law (you can cash out but this still makes no impact atm) betting 0.00 for 0.00 in return, valve is the only one making money here."
"probably, he's on version 3.4, an outdated version that should bork a lot of things since the various changes to reddit"
itt: everyone arguing about which giant-killy-tank variants those are
"If only he were like megaman, kid."
do they typically cheer for losses at MSG?
I would bet money they only watch as far as to confirm thier own bias and then turn it off.
Can confirm.
That's a funny way to spell Transmission.
ASS TO ASS!
Those things where you combine the ashes with a tree or can send ashes to space
"When I was in like 2nd grade, my dad told me a scary story and I ""sweat"" in my pants."
I like leafy and pyrocynical as well tho so I feel conflicted
"Hey guys, I know this must get asked a lot, but I just finished the anime, where should I pick up the manga?"
"Couldn't it mean that this intelligence unit has deduced the next location, not that it's responsible?"
"Explain more, what do you mean hide them in the ladder hatch?"
I had a game last night with a Draven and Darius in the same game and was constantly calling them the other one.
yep ;)
What's the difference between an endorsement and a rating?
"I swear to the Old Gods they better have him yell ""DAKINGINDANORF"" like they did with Robb every time they charge into battle"
This would be so useful!
He'd have to outscore Ronaldo and Messi
"They do, it's just based on company policy and not a federal law."
I am here my children.
The mats were probably duped.
Ditto.
They should've focused on 1080p/60FPS instead of 4k/30FPS upscaled.
GM's can be matched with Dia/Master players willy nilly even including the ludicrous rank inflation this season simply because the matchmaker has a smaller pool to pick from at that rank and because it cares more about average SR than average skill level.
best punchline ever in the last sentence.
Tickets for TNF against the Bengals last year were going for $15-$20
"If you've bought 150,000 large pizzas, at $1.49 savings each on not ordering pepperoni, you could buy a house costing $223,500."
Letter from Hogwarts.
MVPs of our hearts.
"Is this an action figure, or is that an actual person in there?"
Can you help those of us that don't know why Isaiah 2 wouldn't have been included?
"Hell, even the target hacks had only the Normal Rate of credit card fraud reported and people flipped dick after that happened."
"That's my new favorite, replacing my old favorite, ""America's Hat."""
only you see the unused box so no biggie actually.
the burrow
Kek
"He's absolutely right, you can't do anything, because you believe his bullshit."
K
"Yea but there is also a movie, OP never specified."
You're not the only one...
Say that to the entire west coast.
Fucking inspiring
"Yeah, but can Trout bowl a perfect game?"
"I love you, Allison."
"Ah yes and the dreaded ""Why are you so quiet?"""
Wood of...
Literally me.
In this context it is circumcision.
I think your first mistake is picking it up with your teeth.
I understood that reference.
"Well, nether one of them are going to be the president so what's the point of a presidential debate?"
"Undocumented or not, they pay more to the local economy in sales tax alone than anyone from out of state."
Over the years I have learnt that every object can be a Magrider Insertion Device.
They are such shitty tippers.
"you realise that Vettel won DotD, right?"
AUG | Worst Girl
That's a whole new level of rich.
"Thanks man, we learned our lesson the first time that we don't need to spend a week on a poster to get something cool, and innervate looks pretty sweet."
What else could a knife be purchased for?
It is part of the reason.
Stupid autocorrect :p
That's nice... thanks for sharing.
you forgot ad time
Context?
"Well, that escalated quickly."
Tell me what exactly is so wrong with wanting some one to not make a completely unreasonable assumption?
It's a drop in the bucket in terms of spending and is a solid investment for infrastructure in the long term.
But the wellington is made out of wood...
It is a paper thin excuse at best.
"Funny, my- well shit."
"That was a serious michael bay explosion at the end, there."
"See also: Some men being created as vessels of wrath, and some as vessels of mercy (Romans 9:22)"
PLEASE DONT SUE ME
"Poor, poor Donagel."
That's the joke.
"Not really, she was the mistress that refused to swallow the pill."
"Alright, thanks for the quick reply"
"That really depends in alot of things like does your SO get jealous easy, did your SO like the selfie, how good of friends is your SO to this hot friend"
I just pea'd myself laughing.
Kids call it molly
But they share so many letters!
attacking the writer of an article is not the same as disputing the claims of that writer.
Same thing.
this guy is my hero
You only get one touch screen wiimote.
Yes
SHUT YO MOUTH AND LOOK AT MY ~~WAD~~ TEAM!
its great until someone brings their modded NS to the gaming convention and cheats with it...
"Once a runner, obviously."
Balls too big.
"Probably related to the ""staggeringly drunk"" thing"
"when i was in elementary school they had a smart kids thing where they'd pull a few kids from the various classes and have them do problem solving after school, i always wondered why they didn't just do the problem solving for all the kids, it seemed really beneficial at the time"
I'm only voting for the candidate that will stand behind and support the 18th amendment.
I know.
That seems like complete and utter bullshit
Also super slow.
"Seriously fuck the anti Nvidia circlejerk, I'm happy with Nvidia, always have been and never had trouble with them."
"It's so easy, just take that 3 mil you inherited, buy a 1992 Toyota Corolla and invest the rest in a Vanguard fund."
"Regina, Saskatchewan - We have a CFL team...?"
Note to self: Watch fan streams and make an easy 3 billion gold when the next big bug appears.
Here's the other contradiction: * People come to America to escape 3rd world shitholes * Poor countries are charming and have a delightful multicultural appeal
"They didn't learn anything from last season, doubt it starts now."
Non combat positions in the US military.
Halo 2 Halo 3 Legend of Zelda: OOT Gears of war 3 Destiny
The time has come!
Buy a Presto Card.
Nirvana kinda sucked... sorry.....
"Nope, havent been to the meetups.. I am an OFW on a little island This subreddit is where i get my news from home haha.. Next time I am back I will definitely go to meetups haha.."
"CAPS WIN, NBC: HERES WHY THE RANGERS LOST"
Yep.
On a non-personal scale I'd say: Andy Dalton being injured off the playoffs Dolphins regressing Lynch and Foster being out significant portions of the year Odell's meltdown Browns benching McCown
"""Fuck you and your hopes"" - Reddit"
Bullshit.
"Yeah, bond really only mourns for as long as it takes him to find someone else to stick his dick in."
Every post gets 2k upvotes by default.
Better start hiding my shekels.
"No museum is appropriate for playing an organized, unrelated game in without consent from the operators."
"The modern, capitalist man evolved from the beastly socialist."
The kick makes me sad
Just because you look skinny doesnt mean your intestines are not surrounded in fat and your heart is about to give in.
Yeah that was pretty much my childhood.
It wasn't?
"It isnt stronger than most north european countries economies, especially if things such as social mobility and equal distribution is taken into account."
bump
As a juggernaut I always blindly follow bright lights.. Maybe I'm doing it wrong.
Oh shit my dick out
seems to have got a hitch in it.
Wife says we are ALL Snowden on this blessed day!
Nice Polite Republicans...
I feel sad for the child :(
Smash doesn't pull huge viewership.
Glad I'm doing a reread then.
Happy tissues or sad tissues?
What to make it shittier?
you didn't mention the one thing this is actually about: government telling people they can't cover their skin at the beach.
"I mean, I'd be panicking too if my team were 3.5 games out of first seed..."
optimizied is a big word it runs on windows its still a weirdly spagehti code mess wich is consuming way to much ram
Subway closed?
"But if we illegalize gay marriage, pretty soon we will illegalize straight marriage and then marriage to Jesus!"
Oh my god there were SO MANY CIGARETTES in Italy.
Thank god!
Wat the fuck
It's like when I have a really satisfying poo.
It's rumored.
More like uncle fucker- Gosh thats tall!
Who's Hath?
So what do they sell there?
"And you implied that you think she's too heavy for a ""player type"" like your brother."
"Hey Pi, I'm not sure if you're aware but could Intercept please be fixed at Castle Wars and Soul Wars?"
Momentum exists.
I can as long as its on or in standby mode.
fairly sure it is.
"Since this is Brasil, he's lucky those are just rubber bullets.."
Thanks man
So you preferred the garbage strike?
Blonde on the left is Jakki Wallace.
"worst case scenario, I catch you making a move on my girl and elect to respond."
Now I want to put beer in a rotovap.
That's not what was said at all.
would you want to?
got rekt harder than meek mill
linkffn(Blood of the Phoenix by midnightjen) I believe it also has a sequel.
To be fair 'The Thing' isn't designed by Marvel Studios.
Something ironic about Nashville doubling it's poor population AND having two separate posts about how it's the happiest city/happiest university ...and all being on the front page.
41-41
"In the US, maybe contact the ACLU?"
Thank You.
Yep.
"Now, what exactly is ""it?"""
"I do not like to see rank and file people lose their jobs, but I would like to see some of the big lumber fall and fall hard."
"""Or it's a key all the time, and when you stick it in people it unlocks their death..."""
you are awesome lol
They won't tell me.
And admin rights
Only to the few between his neck and mid-back.
... yes.
"It depends, will I need the gas to drive and pick up the loco, or can I have it shipped to me and I don't have to go anywhere?"
I think I misinterpreted OP's title I thought he was meaning being able to see underwater when he might have been talking about water's clarity
R/bojackhorseman
"Jimmy John's doesn't use bean sprouts, they use clover sprouts, which are similar to alfalfa sprouts"
I sacrificed my life for phone guy... Time to rewrite the canon...
Can you split your save?
"Well for oral consumption it really doesn't matter if it is complexed with HPBCD, but for sublingual or buccal consumption HPBCD definitely helps the absorption."
You're well on your way to becoming the most dominant team in the season which all but guarantees a long and satisfying playoff run because that's how it works and is supposed to work in the past and always forever amirite haha yep haha good times mmmhmmm
"I respect the tribute to our beloved brother, but at the same time, don't you think you might regret naming your team that if the meme dies soon"
"I don't know the time, sorry."
Check mo po yung sched ng Mocha girls
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Clever.
"Well sure, if you want to do it that way, but where's the fun if it doesn't just say ""high noon"" all over?"
He bouncing like hes listening to his favorite rapper from his youth
You've lived a sheltered life.
What is Facebook?
"10/10 for desperation though, so atleast he's got that going for him."
Yet it keeps coming back refurbished
"Skyline, although it kinda sucked."
Poppy has entered the fields of runescape
"You should take a look at the 4* rankings then, and see how many AOE NPs are ranked at 9.0."
As a 14 owner I must say that's one of the things that keept me away from the 15
Polish the game before you start trying to sell us ridiculously priced DLC
"7% when fighting at lightweight, coming out of a welterweight bout.. I'm assuming he'd be a lot less at featherweight."
First time I've ever heard that song in its entirety and glad to say it will be the last
;-;
"I don't understand the point of this keyboard one bit, the whole point of a mech is that it's better and much more comfortable than a membrane, why would you combine them into one for no reason at all?"
so jealous
It's national shitpost day
You in SoCal?
"Just wondering, why do you dislike Grimes?"
"Yeah, but the real question is if we'll sign Dante Cunningham in time... *sobs*"
I agree.
I am top dps Keepo
"I am quite thrilled for the Leo3, though it may be developed as a joint venture and I hope Nexter won't get a chance to scew it up ... french tanks, you know:P Better stick to Krauss-Maffei-Wegmann/Rheinmetall/ThyssenKrupp and Henschel :)"
More like squish
Those are emeralds.
"Ibrahimovic, I want to see if he can do it on a rainy Wednesday night in Stoke or not."
That's what you get when you think you're so goddamn special that you defy physics.
ok pls post address here in comments I only send pants not 1:1 hip hop spam
You spelled Olympique de Marseille wrong!
"No expert agrees, your agenda is obvious."
"He doesnt believe in evolution, he doesnt believe in public schools(education) and doesnt want us to help old and sick people.. shrug unelectable."
At least they spare us when they surpass the current winning time.
My understanding when we drafted him was that the likeliness of his return is similar to what Gore's was when we drafted him out of the U.
"OK, I'm with that."
What's your occupation?
would really appreciate it
He's just setting up the Michelle Obama 2020 campaign.
Save style traditional though
Dave cares too much about the fans and has such a passion for music that I agree with you completely
There must be a curse for any city named Cleveland
It's worse when you were not supposed to be listening.
isn't cold blooded essentially useless if no one's using echolator/haunt or the point sensor bombs?
The triforce is strong with this one
Alternative headline: MLS promotes pyro despite banning fans from stadiums for using it again.
"Interesting, how Trump claimed to be so pro-Isreal, yet he wants to keep their terror sponsoring neighbor and that neighbor's biggest ally, Iran around."
Still pissed Kryssie never went up.
how about shadedjon comments xd
"They had a decent shot, then Bountygate happened"
Neptulon is decent in Totem Shaman.
Ground breaking!
"I'm on day 23, decided to come over here a few days ago after I realized the problem was porn and not masturbation."
Nice title :D
"Your right, I linked this article because this is the one I came across but I'll keep in mind in future that I can always link the source if needed instead."
Be damned to hell weeb
Can't wait for an injury.
"That's what's tripping me right now, I'm not in state of buying a sandwich right now, let alone for a new phone (if something breaks)"
"The higher fine is to get revenue that's it, it's not to deter any behavior."
Make some actual arguments instead of name-calling like some teenage boy.
Are you sure you're not Illuminati?
**LOL**
Me
"Welcome back, Stranger!"
And what makes you think I feel inclined or obligated in any way to answer his questions?
"Yeah, been feeling the same way the last few days."
And his last auto crit for the kill
If I lived on that side I feel like that's how I'd do it too lol.
"The music makes me think of a camera panning over a desert in Saudi Arabia, not a mother rat saving it's baby"
And on reddit as well.
Yeah to be fair pricewise it should be compared to a RX480 4GB
"The color was to give an indication of the percentage favorable, not party affiliation."
love how the aims through all walls on his head the whole time and then gets the kill with a body shot
That blue color looks great on your S5
"Well, then Illinois is hopeless for getting a new team."
My HK-55 shrine on Nar Shadda
How did he get tricked into that?
No but his tent was.
1960 and 2000 ?
"Reduce to 3 out of 5,000 please."
I don't know if you noticed... He's not a fucking puppy.
Woah.
They played well against lg though lmao
Navy got planes
Maybe he has another job in mind for Newt.
"Well we're American, so my uncle goes by ""Bob"""
I find it hilarious/hypocritical at how upset bikers get at drivers for breaking traffic laws in this city.
"This shit is **exactly** why ""compromising"" with Republicans is like feeding internet trolls."
Make sure your pug has paid all his taxes.
How dare you have a different opinion than them!
Leave it to the Japan news to put a negative spin on to everything.
"Join us on PC, where no one uses the voice communication."
"Yeah, fuck you people with IBS!"
Is this the beginning to a joke?
"*hugs back harder* I'm not when watching the Cinderella movie, gonna pay, sit down, watch frozen fever, feel feels, and leave."
"To be fair, in one episode he does have a 13 inch dick on screen so..."
I could be wrong but I'm assuming it says this for everyone.
Sinosexual
"Please send this PowerPoint to me, I hate my league and the bullshit move limit"
"Kvyat: ""WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE DOING HERE!?!?"""
:D
Yut
Thanks to everyone who answered!
I thought we managed to eradicate smallpox a few decades ago....
I don't know how they'll fit all of Meesh's campaigning into this episode.
"I just wanted to not see all the effort just end suddenly because the owner got bored with his new toy, which is essentially what happened."
Thanks Cinco.
"i dont know specifically, but its generally very wealthy individuals who own a team as a hobby."
Flair up!
"Almost had me... but I do really want stretch IHs to be a thing, lmao."
Must wait until popcap fixes it.
Very nice!
Rip Europe
But bacon is very rectangular!
"Was this immediate, or after he was in the kid's life?"
Helllooo
But what're you gonna do when a Star Gate opens?
"This game is missing many standard FPS features, I hope they are working hard and have the resources to play ""catch up"" sooner than later."
Yeah was posted on there IG a couple weeks ago over one of those electric glass balls that make your hair stand up when you touch them has an engraved palace font p on the top
Deus Vult it is
"Im having the same problem, somethings wrong with the servers"
"Apple Music does have DRM though, doesn't it?"
Indiatimes should have edited out the email address from the screenshot.
The evil one has a goatee.
Tell us who
Did someone say something about tits?
Losing was the best thing that could ever happen to them.
Excluding parents from their children's weddings.
I'm mom?
Please don't try to suck all the good cheer out of what was obviously a joke.
Neato burrito
Better than the Dark Night
Wasn't this a vine?
"Oslo, Norway and it's about as cheap as you can get in this city (and you expect to live alone that is)."
"According to my ex bf, I am."
Fuck
I'm pretty disappointed with that...
"I can't use HDR with SLI on fallout 3, or the sky flickers."
"Lol nice, I'm around 50 hours and I still have no idea what I'm doing xD but it's tons of explosive fun"
"Two VFL/AFL flags, a few night flags, a few VFA flags and multiple brownlow medallists."
"3100 is top 5% on both overbuff and masteroverwatch, so not sure about 3000."
If only we can get him working...
No no he had info on clinton
Olof 2.0
"She would take meticulous care of camp, but nag everyone and be booted pre-jury."
"I think my butt prolapsed because of all the hurt, ai"
Get a job.
"If those are fake, then I don't want real tits"
Godfather
HHH didn't seem to be a fan of if either on his Facebook Live appearance afterward.
Yeah
"That doesn't even make sense, I played halo 5 for only a few hours and never touched it until Halo 5:Forge came out for PC and I got it so I don't know maybe it's for a select amount"
Sure it is... Just ask Drumpf.
Maybe you should apologize now.
"Well, cool I guess, but she still has completely whack ideas about gender roles."
"Sent the complaint, thanks"
"""I'm pregnant"" ""Yeah... i know."""
Oh okay.
"Overwatch is probably more fun to most people and is a higher quality and more polished product, CS is definitely superior as an eSport though."
He did a *horrible* job from the Auburn game on.
Bringing back the flair
"I just hope you didn't spend too much, it would seem you dun goofed."
There was lots of him!
Same.
"To be fair, I'd cry if somebody told me I couldn't have more bacon too..."
What?
Amen!
"I will, although it might be a while..."
Beating bigotry with bigotry a classic example of taking the high road.........
Nobody knows conor outside of Ireland and some of USA.
Ahhh!~ toujours dans l'amour pour pussy piercing
The real question is whether any *sane* individual gives two shits about what Jesse Jackson has to say.
damn what
Why is that in quotation marks?
Oh you mean like the GAME Splatoon bundle.... The one that had an unfortunate case of could not arrive due it being heisted...
Because I get a rare pet if you use my paid game and lvl to 30.
"i have solved the issue now, it turns out all i had to do was unplug my PC, and hold the ON button for 30 seconds to a minute."
Magic probably could've gotten one from someone
Yes
Now my face won't look terrible because I can't grow a proper beard.
There is no joking around when it comes to grammar apparently
"You lucky, lucky bastard"
Deep.
Nah he'd most likely stay and ball out of his mind to prove the Lakers wrong.
Well that should go without saying.
Cheers to that guy.
Googly eyes...
Reassuring your audience against a lie is one of the strongest indicators of a falsehood
"BETA IS GONNA NEED TO GO TO THERAPY AFTER MEETING WITH THIS KIND OF NIGHTMARE, AND I DON'T MEAN MENTAL TOMBSTONE WON'T EVEN NEED TO BRING OUT ITS BEST BLADE TO BRUTALIZE BRUTUS I'M CHAMPING AT THE BIT TO SEE CHOMP MADE INTO A CHUMP MEGA TENTO IS GONNA BE MEGA TENT-OBLITERATED ONCE YETI GETS ITS CLAWS ON IT BRONCO WON'T EVEN NEED TO USE ITS FLIPPER TO GET LAUNCHED THIS FIGHT POISON ARROW... WELL, I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN BECAUSE THE LOWER RIGHT QUADRANT IS BULLSHIT"
"In order to save democracy, we had to destroy it."
So he gets more Intel from Russia then it's own government?
Yeah that was a really shitty port.
Well I'm no rocket surgeon but I'd imagine it happened because they scored more points than we did.
I remember when Fox News aired a helicopter lighting up a building with rockets and the start of the war.
Thank them... for their time in office before we kick em out in October with progressive leaders.
Women/men of reddit... Most of those questions are reposted every other month.
"I thought it was going to be that .gif, was pleasantly surprised that it was a different one :)"
Cuz cheese will go bad even with a seal.
Also in Washington.
Fucking void shield psions are the bane of my existence!
Nice aiming.
Inb4 breaking wrists to throw for skins
I like to live dangerously....
Just started!
Directly or indirectly?
i could see eagles giving him a 40-50 mil deal
"Would be awesome if they used her Book alias ""Melody Malone""."
Lol
Even after 5 years of playing people still misspell Xpecial.
Just one question: When did you purchase it?
**PUT DOWN THE PIPE**
"I always take my iPhone... I never get a connection but it's useful for reading, playing games, photography, and making notes."
"Honestly, surprised it lasted that long."
What is this game
Who says this isn't part of their marketing?
Will it be on ps4 tomorrow?
"When he realized he was on the other side of varrock, why couldn't he have just stopped chasing?"
Inb 3a 2100 x2 ~12h ago
Any thought on the continuing embargo?
Someone I work with is switching jobs to go work at an Amazon warehouse making $20+/hour.
"Don't walk under a ladder, don't open an umbrella indoors."
"Thrust that shit away from the moon at full power, calculate a new route home."
That's what I'm counting on.
Prepare the meme cannon!
We need a Wicked Tomb
would a gaggle of homos be a faggle?
"True, but in my experience, longer duels tend to have more back in forth."
I suggest that the scientific community create an ongoing test of fake articles that allow this sort of thing to be continuously tested.
"I'm on mobile so I can't link to it, but there is a comic where Wonder Woman uses her lasso to compel a guy to explain his wrong doing and then she accuses him of Mansplaining before he gets knocked out."
yeah sundown i have no idea why you traded me
battle ropes... fuck those.
seriously?
Easily the cringiest moment of my life.
Not that anyone would see it anyway.
Weren't they selling the poster as-is too?
have you graduated college?
He will before the trial - my guess is that it's just not at that stage yet
Yo I'm making this tonight if I can this looks amazing.
I bet
What is a classical instrument to you if cello's not?
Do you solo farm or in group?
How many Mathematicians and the Gold Rare Traptrix do you have?
"Weird game sense and just generally stupidity by opponents, seriously underwhelming gameplay imo."
"The person identified by OP *didn't* turn out to be the bomber, though..."
"oh man the mods must hate me.. sorry for all the shit posts, im done"
Oh that was a good one.
"Lol, such a shitty line."
Solid point
So much salt XD
It's not already?
Right now I don't want anything slowing down his progress on the next two *A Song of Ice and Fire* books.
It's obvious that Lue needs to stop fitting out.
Yeah my ideal lineup is JVR - Kadri - RW Komarov - Nylander - Soshnikov Marner - Matthews - Brown Greening - Laich - RW Fill the RW with michalek and AHL buds
The customers.
"For some reason, I feel compelled to wear all of my winter clothes and boots now..."
"I'm not a religious person but I've always wondered why people think it HAS to be one way or the other What if What if there was a creator who started life or the universe aeons ago, and life has continued on, growing, adapting, learning since then."
90s confirmed.
There are plenty of great suggestions in the sidebar for $5/mo or less!
"Five rings what the fuck man, it took me until kill 784 for my first."
botrk and bashees gives dmg and tank and are far better than locket and frozen fist.
"I dunno, most microwave meals don't have literal shit in them."
"Finally, a more efficient method of Tabasco intake!"
His campaign must have run out of Jerri-Curl.
That is actually very feasible
The stomach drain doesn't...
"Would you rather have the ""illusion of choice"" than no choice at all?"
"Couldn't PoS users be equally careless, and the fork becomes permanent?"
"Ask any cop if he would rather deal with a guy who just had half a bottle of tequila, or smoked a bowl?"
"I feel like I get the gist of it, but when geoff got killed in the first few minutes I jumped."
"Don't laugh yet, you guys are heavily favored at this point, wouldn't want to get caught overlooking an opponent."
It's just a nod at the audience...
He sounds too stupid and incoherent to be good at the game tbh
"Warren, is that you?"
It's the same thing
Hell our QB even beat them without an ACL
Dicks make my mouth water
I wonder if they will have it at IMATS NY in April!
"Rooting for the Warriors, then Hawks (they look really weak right now), then bulls.. You know what... Anyone as long as it's not LeBron, Harden, Jason Terry and Matt douchebag Barnes!"
"Also, long gestating period."
NOOOOPE
People will do anything for a potato.
...Some how this is funnier knowing I got the same tingles.
And you overestimate it.
this breed actually has a little higher body temperature than normal - all cats like warm places though
Oh
Now I'm scared if this would be the graph on the calculus exam tomorrow...
Yeah just the droid name and commercials made me want one for a while.
It just works
The next installment of MGS will be a pachinko game.
Thanks mate
Yep.
My great aunt has been dead for 2 years and gets mail from the Trump campaign
Yeah and it's fake as fuck
"If and thats a big if, this should happen it would happen after the euros."
*Oh my goodness gracious me what a finish FTFY
I wish we could have kept Lady Christina de Souza around a bit more.
Can't recall the comeback without missing Setoguchi ..
Do clinical depressives have brain structures equivalent to another set of perfectly normal people?
"with amne i remember whatever role i can by night 3 at the latest because i always lose if i wait longer :( the worst is when im gonna take the dead random mafia role cus town is retarded and mafia kills me the night i try to remember ;__; if you're dying n1 a lot, maybe try some less attention grabbing names?"
"Yes, but how do they work?"
It's not newke
"Hey man, it's not easy being green."
Does it CTD even on an new empty city ?
God damn this song would go off if I didn't associate that alarm with having to wake up in the morning
"It's only shock value if he dies in the show, it's a subverted trope if he dies in the books."
Dany only came to Westeros to capture a gym and some legendary Pokemon.
I used to love their Cheddar and Sour Cream Ridged Pringles.
why?
10-20 mutants in general
cam got hurt and we didnt have him after half
Wait really?
Thank you!
The one with less practice... Fresher leg of course!
China annexes South China Sea.
Love how it seems like Dempsey is the one that least changed when compared to his 1.0 version.
"They're less than ten bucks in an antique store, it's not the 1800s anymore"
"Which is exactly why they are all so dirty and contaminated, poorly measured and advertised If it were a legitimate organization with proper oversight dealing the drugs we would have far fewer people od'ing"
He needs to have the carving knife
Upvotes posts
"Yes, I'm Australian."
Run by Air
would bang
lol you act like anything you've said to us is original but this is like Anarchy 101 shit that we've all gotten past.
It will force teams to scout overseas more and domestically.
If bf4 had existed when I enrolled I could've gotten a scholarship off that.
"Oh haha, I read this as ""how can they hear whether you are coming or not."
"""This town smell likes bad cheese..."""
I like Digg...
That would require critical thinking; something that too many people lack.
rx480 also works here too
But also discredit the yards and TDs he's putting up because they are counting stats.
"I can understand a situation where you would need to be evaluated, but posting that note on the internet as proof you aren't crazy?"
"I think you need to look up what ""stutter"" actually means in relation to frame rate"
"Damn OP, why don't you coach every team at MSI"
Whoa I've been thinking about this movie a lot lately!
"Every ideology is founded on advancing a certain groups selfishness, it's not bad."
"Don't worry, it was not ruined, at least not for me, I loled, which is not that good because it's late here and the rest of the people are sleeping."
"[M] You do realize Poland and Ukraine have superb relations, and that Poland is a big proponent for Ukraine's entry, right?"
i never got to play bloodborne (damn you consoles exclusives)
"Mmh, can't make the same movie over again, i like this more than the Superman that smiles and laughs after condemning others to death though."
"Your eyeliner is what my eyeliner tries to be before sighing, cancelling its gym membership, and drinking itself to sleep on my eyelid."
They think it s the same county anyway
"Not even gay, but I want this shirt"
5 k/b seems to work well for me.
"+1 for Android phone EZ-GUI works a treat for configuring the flight controller, and the USB OTG port makes it easy to copy videos to/from memory cards."
Is it from 'The witches'?
That's insulting to dicks.
What is it?
That's dope.
"It was meant to be a direct to video release, so that's probably why."
"yeah weird psychological mindfuck i see in comments on r/mma, everytime i see a ""unpopular opinion"" i just assume that the commentator is doing psychology in college, and does not have an unpopular opinion."
The whole thing about him having the mentality of being a child could get bad pretty quickly if you ask me though.
the Dons is my league if you wanna join
Ahri is beyond broken right now... atleast fizz needs to hit shit.
The model I ordered is $100 less than last years model.
That's exactly right.
Check and mate
And Feline.
"Maybe in general the differences are noticeable but during I Feel It Coming, their voices are almost identical."
"No clue, all I know is that it's in the works."
Ladders
Here to hoping the AFB located to the northwest in the last picture is in the game!
"Tell her, face to face, that if she can't behave, she's not welcome"
how do you figure
"jesus christ man, out of all the guys there, yours is the most annoying lel gz on that"
Bliss this post
"Teams havent gotten used to the new meta, will take some time and it will balance out."
Having sex with someone who is passing in and out of consciousness is rape.
Name one bad match.
"Trust me, Gengar aren't fun to cuddle."
Isn't there a part where Pluto leads Kairi straight to Riku?
Because they notoriously have one of the worst balancing teams out of every MOBA on the market.
Is this a SW reference?
"BMW's 2017 models are facing a delay, but last I've heard they haven't been scrapped or anything."
"I just started watching it, is it normal to have a crush on Pam?"
Thank you for the videos.
Shox has been IGLing for G2 just fine.
To much like the crowd at a gay bar.
35 minutes left...
No
Get out
Hows the handling though?
Haha.. would be awesome if they'd just lower some of the bosses HP a little bit and make them do their old mechanics so it would be the ultimate challenge just for bragging rights to pull like more and more bosses at the same time or something..
Some dirt fell back into Ubisoft's hole.
"I am scared, hold me!"
Lame repost
That explains why we look so similar.
but his mouth was wide open!
I'm surprised no one mentioned The Oblivion Realms Series.
Jewish guilt.
Or a special Tear extractor module
ty fam
Lol
Well a lot of the people we've wanted to target are already apparently taken.
Awesome!
I just...don't even know where to begin.
Agreed wholeheartedly
"At first glace, i read the title with her voice ..."
Doesn't the Nvidia beat the iPad mini?
OP needed that delicious karma.
I think my anus clenched and screamed in agony.
Both Spoiled Strike and Jagged Edge are missing.
Positions btw not players
If Bachman went to crazy camp for a year she still couldn't outcrazy Louis.
Ofc
"""feminist"" and ""logic"" do not go in the same sentence."
read that in the voice of zoidberg
2crunchy4me
"Follow them on twitter, they usually announce when there's going to be special packs."
This is the top comment in every single BG post game thread
I don't know much about Green Lantern but hasn't his shield taken multiple hits by Superman?
"inb4 ""the last thing to go through his head"" jokes"
"After seeing the video in question I'm glad you did too, it's great stuff and I'll be sure to check for more."
"I would say that this is one of the main issues I have with minimum wage, it's not minimum if it requires that I have to have a partner in order to have any disposable income."
"I used to save glass jars and bottles, and we dug a hole in the yard with a big rock in the middle...and my daughter would go out there in anger and throw the bottles against the rock with all her might...yelling is good too"
Long Island?
"Sorry for your brother man, I hope you find out."
Spam.
I believe you OP
"Was disappointed not to hear ""Worldstar"""
Where exactly did I point out that you need to have healing abilities to be a support hero?
"Very nice read, thank you"
"At first I thought he was chanting ""wiener"""
"Supposedly one of the classes you're required to take their covers the Toyota Way in detail, judging by course description."
"Most jews hate ultra orthodox, and the ultra orthodox dont mix with other people as much as they can avoid it"
"Wait, what the bloody hell is a breadcake?"
The thing that boggles me most is the fact that Moscow has still yet to convert to Confucianism.
"From this moment on, I drop all support for Bill Clinton for President."
"Happy Satan's asshole, just for you."
"that would actually be pretty offensive if gavin, you know, didnt do that every time he stepped in a helicopter."
Azael OE yesplease He's too damn cool to not ever be useful
those ne zha ults were on point
Couldn't she just drop the charges against herself?
Usually the mortician does that for you anyway.
... Well there goes a packers player
Have we tried restarting it
I realize that it could get a lot worse-- but let's not kid ourselves about the fratritude of the family dog's clientele.
Not very much = 1.3 million.
"to clarify rails is the framework that facilitates writing the code to run on the web, much like django works for python."
"Yerror is a pretty cool guy from what i heard, I think it's cool that he gets a chance to play infront of his homecrowd."
Well you are playing a guitar sooo....
TEACH ME YOUR WAYS.
"Plastic isn't ghetto enough, use a hacksaw blade"
'You should of shot A-rod!'
"Based on my cultural study on xvideos, this is normal"
Ice baths?
The Bumble Boogie by B. Bumble and the Stingers.
"Search for something on Google Maps, tap any result, then you can swipe left and right to see next or previous result."
We be do what we do
Next thing you know conservative Muslim students will demand that LGBT activists not speak because because homosexuality is Islamophobic.
"Even after zooming all the way in, I can't tell whether that thing in front of you is a window or a pool."
"The water was stolen from the long haired student, short haired lady was being an even bigger piece of shit by taunting her about it (according to people in the youtube comments)"
J U C Y
Quick someone photoshop him into Phillies colors so we can see!
"especially when specials have different properties depending on the button used, it's just something you'll have to be attuned to by using the character"
I'd probably consider Sekera-Russell to be our #1 pairing right now
Family guy has been awful for years but every so often it gives me a good laugh
Lol I'll take it.
Cosmetics change it afaik.
"Yo momma's so fat and old when God said, ""Let there be light,"" he asked your mother to move out of the way."
Have you considered that your friends don't want to talk to you?
"No I haven't had anything to drink tonight, Officer LuckyStarBunny..."
congrats!
Defo arma 3 then
"it just gives extra armor to creeps which might end up making ur opponents miss last hits, also helps with creep equilibrium but tbh if you arent sumail youre prolly gonna be better off getting a wraith band"
We're all liars.
Who's first?
I laughed and I do not feel bad about it
We would know why *they* hate us.
He's probably a very unhappy individual
Somebody who imitates the fundamentalist proselytizers promising hellfire and brimstone as a way to be facetious or inflammatory.
"I don't know how this works, i just landed here through the random button, so how's everything?"
Hahah
So much for being secretive.
I play with my other joystick while i wait to get to the right altitude.
this corset also has a shit ton of padding in the cups to make the boobs look more voluminous.
Why.. do all older creeps.. constantly use these stupid periods.. like.. what the fuck.. do they think they're doing?
"I mean, that isn't even really his playstyle, he's got the strength of both of them together"
"If anyone wants to know, the source is Sealab 2021, Season 4 Episode 3, The Green Fever."
ruh roh
... When you're a stranger...
*roba
What's the creepiest client you've had?
Yes sir they do!
your stickied book's title is 4 numerical digits.
FSU voted no as well.
"Bro, you're like a random boner: always showing up when you're not wanted."
"They did not do that the first split they wanted to, maybe pob just thought he would not get to play at the whole split too."
I honestly think the vomit was just from her entire torso tightening up so much.
Adidas: Origins
I mean it doesn't seem like out of the ordinary behavior for W. He's already charged all of them an arm and a leg.
60 (102)
And they added in Expeditions to entice people to buy it even if the other stuff isn't enough.
"It's pretty bad, but for me I don't mind the super ant fires."
USP Greatest pistol in the world.
At least we don't have to deal with always-online DRM.
This is why I eat carrots while playing Hearthstone.
It obviously says 203
"So judging from her degrees she's spent like 15-20 years in further education, and she can't spell check or sound remotely intelligent."
Good point
"Buckethead -- ""Jordan"""
"I have to hand it to the Fox announcers, they effectively disqualified almost everybody on stage!"
"Hypocrite FB friends, family... To the safe spacers politicians saying all the nice words while stabbing you in the back is more important than someone who says some mean things while trying to save the country."
"how dare you put minimal effort in your memes, I want lowest effort possible for maximum meme"
In that Era even now your best players usually pitch in lower levels
See what?
"That applies more to Star Trek you are right, I agree."
And then we can respond by showing them a picture of 7 of their players sitting inside our box
Good.... Let the hate flow....!
Michael Vick.
Tears of the joy of owning a Ferrari do not count*
It wouldn't be the first time a sailor was tempted by seawater.
Patriots can't fly
"As someone with severe food sensitivity due to crohns disease, this is indeed the case."
Every move like this that gives Roger the middle finger makes me incredibly happy.
Even ffa if you're lucky.
Towers of Hanoi
"I think he was an actor, not sure."
Comrade
Well that just fucked us for Southampton
Ink Mine the spawn point and watch them get pissed for constantly dying after just respawning Mwahahahahaha ^^^^^What's ^^^^^wrong ^^^^^with ^^^^^me
jesus christ
The Western world's tolerance of Islamic extremism will be the death of it.
"What's happening to the game here, son?"
Lol right?
I'm already using a keyboard and mouse on PS4.
Wait until it's a spectre
I hope not.
"Yeah, but he gets a swastika to the forehead, basically telling everyone in the States that he's a Nazi."
18 deckslots are too many
I feel the Nickleback hate was before the internet became vocal about it.
James Paredes
"Nope, but I didn't shop around for a surgeon because I'm Canadian and I went to the same surgeon everyone goes to."
Jap anus relations
As a single male I fail to see the problem here
Same
"yes, i saw the play from the ravens eagles preseason game."
I'm loving this new sound so far but I will **always** love *The Things We Think We're Missing*
Thanks!
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, dong!"
"No es por ser mujer, es porque le gustan las mujeres"
shut up meg
Thanks!
"You're right that it was kind of dumb, but it wasn't lacking in tears."
Wisconsin boys out here
but wouldn't you just make an account solely to hunt her down?
Hey guys... look at me I died with my jugg.
There are *dozens* of us!
I remember eating lunch at this exact spot something like 15 years ago!
Why do you think I stopped responding after my initial post ;)
The theory that Pearls are artificially created implies that they had/have a creat*or*- even if they're mass produced now.
Bye Philisha.
"Cool, how is being a henchman working out in this economy?"
mirror anyone?
The technology is not yet there but nothing is off the table.
What would you name them instead?
Shit my bad I ment the Galaxy sorry I wrote that really quickly
Says BC Strata act.
"Yeah, but Ferrari most likely wouldn't have won at Imola if not for the FOCA boycott."
Katie Thornton
"Plus, they have scudetto winning winger, Marcelo Estigarribia - a recipe for success!"
Fuck you were taking the soccer game foo'!
How many times have you thought about shredding a human being?
Is it because of radical Muslims or...?
i have under 100 nex kc actually
People can be do incredibly god damn stupid lol
"It's a good start though, what you're doing."
"It goes up with ult level, they changed it with the mage updates."
He's skinny-fat and he's sitting on a bump that pushes all the fat out to the side.
"I got confused with the BF and her in the title, I was confused as to me BF means boyfriend."
Can you recommend a good one?
jew
Maybe they bought too much camo.
That may be true.
"Because they're a souless corporation cashing in on selling ""a look""."
I'm going to need a source on that
"What she was wearing underneath her clothes, I'd say."
He'll become somebody's 72nd virgin!
Having high functioning autism disqualifies someone from joining the armed services.
Ugh... those toolbars
Make it a 4/5
Thanks!
I can't believe it's 2016 and i'm still getting rick rolled.
i wish :(
"Yeah, it's like how men have nipples, women have the clit."
"When you're on the internet long enough, everything becomes a copy...of a copy...of a copy..."
With the collapsible scooter to go in the hatch?
Makes sense in low traffic rural areas.
OK
"Mora did probably kill Signus, but Arniel Gane had some sort of zero-sum experience."
"yes, we'll get 500 credits and be promised good dlc for battlefront 3."
Use both hands.
You can not equip it but still use it to not set off proc if that is a concern
This + it's everyone's fault but mine mentality
Did you see this from that thread the other day?
The fact that they have a GS v MEM box on the top right corner of the screen annoys me to no end.
"there's a lot of those ""journalists"" out there these days, eh?"
"I saw them on Neptune Years ago, before it was cool."
Have you seen the amazing support Nintendo is giving to devs recalling for the WiiU eShop?
"There is a difference between minimum wage increases and making sure children and elderly have access to food, shelter, and education."
No.
"Whenever I manage to flank a Panther II in my T95, I'm laughing like a maniac."
People are a little more complicated than that.
You should start doing it a midnight
Maybe some color changing led ambients
Whisenhunt was good in '13.
"Well, let's not get too unskewy; we'll see how this result holds up against other Ohio polls and then we'll have a better idea where things stand!"
"but if you can get them all to scream it in hysteria, maybe 100 people will here it before you're killed"
"I keep hearing ""Moisen"" or ""Moisheen"" and I die a little inside."
They are common on lush planets
lmao
This one felt more like an aww video to me
Well itll at least be easier to track down who stole something.
"Actually, unless he gave up a home run, his FIP could very well have improved while giving up 13 hits....which is why FIP is an awful statistic by itself and some people are fucking morons by treating it as a be-all stat"
This will be max two or three shots from SB
I'm really happy this is catching on and I don't know why.
"Screw that, I'm crowd sourcing my decisions from Facebook and 1040 callers."
"If you don't mind me asking, what area of law do you specialize in?"
As someone who has been physically inside of a tornado - I can say they're not pleasant.
"Could never figure out how to get fiat to them, oh well."
"Same thing happened to me.I traded NA key for EU with PenguinVS , he gave me an EU key already in use and now he doesnt reply to my PMs.Fucking scammer..."
Wank sock
The fact that they exist is reason enough.
Why do you say that?
"With this council, those hopes will go unrealized."
Genuine question because I'm about to stay in a hotel with mandatory valet parking - how much is reasonable to give someone for bringing or taking away your car?
"So, your point is that what you said isn't related to the matter at hand?"
And you guys lost today...I'd much rather lose in the playoffs than lose in the biggest stage by 2 touchdowns.
"Yes, same."
"You forgot ""do"", the way of."
I seen this in the human centipede.
"Let me pose a response for you smartass, go fuck yourself and enjoy your roller nerf"
Go back into your hole chasseur
"I read the title as Steam Roulette Comics: *Portal 2* so I stared at this for a good minute thinking ""I just don't get it...Where has the letter gone?"""
for both or 2 CC3 each?
"the hasta is great for dragons, cerb and vetion tho"
The whole NL west could breath a little easier.
"Yeah, your friend."
Not disagreeing but ghee is one step above butter - all the benefits without (almost) any of the drawbacks.
"As long as NATO is around, we'll be happy to offer a counterargument."
"It's more accurate to say ""another reason people still won't buy it""."
"This dude is ""that guy"" on your team in dota/league who throws because the team is losing a little."
"Excellent stuff, and cruelty free!"
Would someone with a Geiger counter hypothetically be able to identify such a shipment?
"I've got a great deal on these records from Bob Sacamano, boxes of 'em!"
That must've been some rough sex to leave bruises like that.
"Interesting, most things are designed with 16:9/1080p in mind, it seems that slight difference might make some things looks a little off."
Know your limits and realize ours.
"I saw that, which is why I was surprised that the entire plane once had square cabin windows too."
BEST.
"do people seriously have to hate a great play just because Harden did it, just shameful"
"Moves slowly, no movement abilities, lowest healthpool and isn't a good main healer."
"Everyone forgets Mobile, it's such a beautiful city too :(."
"gfycat urls are usually pretty humourous, but this IgnorantDangerousBigmouthbass takes the cake"
Don't use locked canera
Makes room for the winter break too.
"If and only if, he switches to reggaeton horns."
So you just ripped this with Adjutant?
Simple Reddit reasoning: Never let logic or facts get in the way of a cheap gag.
Maybe this will create some actual jobs/internships for art students.
must be a squirrel.
"I could honestly argue all 5 teams are defense first considering they are the 5 best defensive teams in the league right now by points, yardage, and PFF... Lol"
I can write programs in it but I'm definitely no expert.
Ghost has a lot of satanic imagery.
"Damn it, not even with mass denies and multikills on a same match I'm able to get a Heroic item."
"Well, America controls what happens in Palestine"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA Amazing thumbnail.
"To be fair, Cooper didn't ask a stupid question."
"I dunno out of all the ""free"" games thus far I've enjoyed playing less than a handful... They're pretty shit choices tbh and that won't resolve for a few years when half decent titles can be offered."
He's the second African American male winner period unless I'm completely blanking on somebody More noteworthy--only ethnic minority male to win a majority white season
I'd say that was more lampoon than tabloid.
*&amp;#42;snap&amp;#42;* Yes!
If only you were my ex... I feel the same way about the guy I broke up with 2 fucking years ago.
Fair enough.
"Really cool looking, but would not want in game."
What exactly was breached here?
That too.
"There's a ton of anti-Obama propaganda all over the place, even in the menu."
Reload always hits the right spot!
Winter is nature's natural cleansing of the weak
"One thing i would say as a positive about these knock offs is that they're good for working out if a soecific device will fit you well/be what you're looking for, saves spending the big bucks just to find out for some reason it doesn't suit you"
I never thought of this.. Now I will.
"HEY HEY YOU YOU, YOU SHOULD GET A NEW ONE!"
"Wow, they know what a parabola is?"
Why would they have you getting married in scouts?
That would be too right wing.
I'm always disappointed we can't zoom in on these pictures.
"But I thought the post said it *does* matter if it gets you off, specifically, it matters that you don't give it to children."
"You say that, but do you have an actual source for your claims?"
"interesting info, thanks."
A jury thought otherwise.
Ah
ya that would help it would help a lot youre really helpful u know
You don't need it though.
Thanks mate.
Ben Affleck is in part Excecutive Producer on Justice League to add pieces that will link to his Batman's solo movie.
He wants the boys to talk to him now
Well it is pretty annoying when women do that.
Maybe they just pull them out of a hive to display during the day?
"That move away from the good old huge tits, silicone lips and long blond hair combo ... I think that opened up some great opportunities."
I have this same exact setup without the extender.
I don't understand what any of that means but it still pumps me up
SI
it will have to be much later
Funny a lot of companies have been doing that lately.
About 4 weeks ago
It's that but it's also the fact that an lol worthy Navi played on nuke...have they ever/do they even play nuke?
"Whew, good to know as I was only pulling it down maybe 3/4 of the way because I needed to land quickly but didn't want it to come falling out of the sky!"
All x10 rates is a bait.
They don't want to be in stem they want to do jackshit but get paid like they have actual skill.
Aw snap...
Super Smash Bros Slight Disagreement
And you forgot to mention how Putin said in 2003 he pan to sell Oil for Euro/Ruble.
awwwww rest in peace nitro grandpa
Backily the broke fall his luck.
"Or when Scalia, a hunting and fishing buddy of Dick Cheney, refused to recuse himself in Bush v Gore and cast the deciding vote."
"And I'm just sitting here, stuck with 4.4.4."
Does it matter if both definitions fit?
Wow didn't peg Clarkson as being that tall.
noice and floooowy....Artem!
"If only the source had been something reliable, like a Youtube video..."
Calm down Jaden.
And the legitimacy of my original comment is further backed up :D
"I'm not their owner, I'm their bro."
Especially since we would have destroyed the Rockies like the Red Sox did.
i love me some hot slogs.
Now waiting for the pic on the way down
Undergraduate University tuition for some is already that amount in Ontario.
"But their hiding isn't perfect, because you can get around it with the ocular implant things, plus repeated usage of their technique messes up people's heads too much."
Bandos boots is better than steadfast tho
100% agreed.
"So, -44 degrees in total."
"in the end, ur just a fukin autist"
I'm envisioning a model similar to the community owned Green Bay Packers or Saskatchewan Roughriders.... skill-based appointments and salaries would be determined through shareholder priority voting.
Don't you just mean married?
Okarin would introduce a new type know as MAD SCIENTIST BB: ITS SOOO COOOOOOL SBB: SUNUVABITCH
with the best coach as well.
You live in Dallas.
At the Bellaire blvd Kim Son
"Article IV is talk, Article V is action."
"I personally just leave the HE cars at 200K and 5.5mill since I did get them for free so I'm not bothered about making a ""profit"" on it."
Playgrounds.
"Despite the downvotes, the reality of the situation is that play was huge."
Which video is this from?
But why male models?
NOW **THIS** IS POD RACING
"I think Reddit is a pretty cool guy, eh collects upvotes and doesn't afraid of anything"
GayLubeOil... It all makes sense now
"Follow up question: Which came first, the doctors or the babies?"
Why is it backwards?
"I don't know if it's a bug or if you just messed up something, but it sounds like you need to load a save and try again."
"Seriously, what other money system could we have?"
No problemo!
I mean they weren't wrong imo...
"Pffft, just tune your 6 string BEADGb and tuff it out."
I wish my wife would understand this.
What if this wasn't the 80th time this has been asked.
Would you truly count a Mormon to be a Christian?
Just wait until election season...
I wonder what they make you drink to believe so wholeheartedly in government.
Who upvotes screenshots of Twitter exchanges between random people and why should we care?
"Am 22, can confirm that I don't give a shit."
I liked that!
Its like something right out of a scifi novel.
Now I remember the famous Halo character shot in the head when they were teased the release of Ho er
"Let's be honest, it's always those damm copts isn't it?"
Does she realize there have been black dolls and Barbies for several decades now?
"It was a joke man, relax."
The successful should contribute their fair share back into the system that made them successful
Best Europe
It gets replaced
Let's be honest... We all knew this was coming...
"i don't care what anyone says, Lovie deserves a statue for this"
If wish we could bet on this.
Totally missed stone cold stunner opportunity
"Made a mistake, fixed it, thanks for heads up."
Copper?
"No, the key is what grants garden access, not the throne."
it's not in console for ESEA pugs but you can type .hp in chat to get your damage dealt/received
Get help
Thank you.
"Maybe on 5 star it is a giant robot Sean Murray that yells ""Why must you destroy everything I've worked on?"""
"Read ""The Grand Chessboard""."
Sold by third parties.
"Yep, I hate the Clintons, and all despotic demagogues alike but your comment pretty much nails it."
Don't really want to post there anyway...
"YOU DIED, mothafucka"
"Given my bi-monthly calls to demand they fix the poor excuse they call services, Im honestly not surprised..."
How many fingers am I holding up?
"Actually, the form, not the names, appears earlier in the *Critique of Pure Reason*, in the Table of the Logical Forms of Judgment."
"They're exciting, Dan!"
"""He couldn't see through his white male privelage and this is the consequence for it"" -Salon/CNN/MSNBC/Facebook"
They also have a reference to this scene in The Evil Within during one of the first enemy encounters.
It was bound to happen anyway.
Why do they look like cardboard cutouts
I'm just confused why they buffed him when he was already one of the best tanks.
Dez Bryant
No this is Patrick
Take good care of your luck should you have any.
...Yep.
I understood that reference
"You forgot Firewire, came before the storm."
YER A LEGEND
why did you like it?
Shouldn't this be the headline every time a gun shop owner refuses to sell a gun?
I took this last night.
Everything is a bed if you are cat enough.
"Or skates it, rather ;-)"
"Can confirm, people in high ELO also suck at him."
Hanging around you?
"Somehow, my days are better now."
I wonder if they're gonna hang out with Kadyrov
"Nope, Ontario."
"Oh boy, you're in for some downvoting..."
"Don't do this here, not like this..."
"Sure -- on the overall time-scope for the mission, but you're not going to send a crew to the Moon to make their own fuel for four years and then send them off to Mars... ;) Splitting up processes, and unmanned pre-supply launches are exactly the way to cut down on what's probably the most expensive part -- the life support."
I drive from budock water to helston everyday and the amount of terrible driving i see is beyond belief.not just how fast its how stupid people are.overtaking on a blind bend or up a hill i see pretty much everyday.
allons-y
I AM!
In the worse ways.
Everyone should love this much!
Yes....I thought I was the only one *cries
So long as they covered their basics...
"it's offensive because it's pointing out that ""black lives matter"" is stupid, and how dare anyone put down black people yet again suggesting they don't matter?"
YOU KILLED A DOG YOU MONSTER
Thanks ;) took me long time to decorate ;)
They've started sliding down the table so Hank and Trent have picked up the Leicester flairs.
"Most liberals agree with him (bernie), im far left and always against mergers"
"Beastyqt beat Polt in a game in last week's Gauntlet Cup with a Raven/Blue Flame/Viking build, was pretty cool."
he is very passionate about performing
I had Chase Elliott land on me during a practice session at Pocono once
So are we still supposed to fire Therrien for benching Semin?
The difference being adults should know better.
Honestly wouldve done the same thing people always say that violence is not the right thing but the fact is if you want people to stop messing with you it's your best option.
Legalize and leave alone.
I want to touch it
Darude Sandstorm
and make the hackers pay for it!
Maybe Daimler on Swan Island.
Aint nobody got time fo dat
Is it possible the molly fell into the little space under the upper floor if you know what i mean
What do you think?
Dad?
Can I come over for dinner?
So much easier to just hang everything
Nice teeth.
"No, it has been confirmed that Labor will not be returning to an FTTP rollout even if re-elected."
Delicious!
Haha.
We tolerate a more egregious level of greed among our oligarchs.
Morgana (160k) Jinx (60k) Thresh (50k)
He didn't even say it twice for ray allen and his game 6 shot
"Well, few articles on football websites said they were"
"My worry is what happens in 25-50 years with robotics and increased automation, when the world doesn't need ditch diggers."
Stay off those Soviet planes
Hahaha glad i've been accepted :D Just for the record that was my friend who commented on my profile
Yeah considering one is a company that makes vacuums and the other is a science fiction short story.
They dug out a massive dome shaped hole inside the mountain and encrusted the top with marble and microcline.
"pin, meet bubble.."
"I could just imagine him using that laptop at night to fap away, and then prepares food for customers during the day with his dried keyboard jizz on his hands"
"I thought this was the case too, but see them referred to as completely different around here frequently."
"The only acceptable answer you could have given was ""that's the joke""."
Holy moly!
But these pants :(
god damn it.
Except when they hit random people in the crowd like in new york.
Customers.
But...I'm not OP...
nigga u wot?
I can't wait for Grand Theft Rascal.
Nice try oil traders
"Is this because of the freedom trophy and our inorganic ""rivalry"""
Par for the course on this sub for sure
Could this be fragile femininity?
What are your macros?
"Even flood indicators on that viaduct, yet.....just go full retard through the water?"
and i love you grandma barney!
"go ahead and repost, its been long enough and no one saw it anyway the first time..."
Why is she attending that school?
I live here dude...
OH IM DOWN WITH THAT
"It's easy, you look at their number the entire fucking time and don't tuck your head down."
Two different people with different opinions than mine=dismiss completely
Except that's a Volvo C303...
"Bottle service, baby!"
"no, there's been other instances."
"Get off Reddit, Peridot."
Actually don't quote me... I think it does that...
Do you want it?
Looks amazing!
5-7 minutes
"Yea, I'm sold now, gonna go read all you comics &lt;3"
Thanks fam you the best
youtube red / google play music all access?
"""Tonight on Fox News: Is Obamacare spending your tax money to heal the legs of this foreign invader?"""
I just got an urge to squat
Xpiree figured me out... IM GAY.. SHIT
Seems legit.
Just root against Dallas.
"Whats the betting Oculus get their sweaty, sticky horrid little fingers on it before then?"
"Yes but it wasn't her fault, the voices in her head told her to say that."
If you add me I'll have a look and then you can return the favour!
Xenoverse 1 also didn't have expert missions or raids.
Wtf is up with all the downvotes
Oh my god Golden Son is so good.
Well it might but we don't know the price of it....
DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE
Profound.
"If anyone's dumb enough to stay after the food screech event, they deserve whatever comes next."
"Except that functionally putting water in the intake of a piston engine has a very high chance of completely destroying the engine, and spraying water in a turbine has a high chance of warping blades or bearings, hmm, so I guess either way both engines will most likely be scrap"
it was well worth the wait (I got your reference)
Maybe there is a reason for his kids treating him like shit.
"That's how it was for me too, you couldn't do anything without being on camera lol"
Eddie is ok but yeah you have a point
Is that a collection of the flags of all the countries that have barred you from entry?
"I converted, GabeN showed me the way Now I just need to convince them If not, shall they burn in Hell"
I think we upset him.
Well I hope they pay attention to bo3 atleast for another year lol Im not hating on iw just yet but I'd like bo3 to still be fresh for another year
"He was a monster, plain and simple"
It's not like either one of us were being creative.
"(Pssst, Pirates!)"
Tip: Sort comments by controversial to see a list of some other good chase scenes.
/b/
"I know, I just think he specifically would be a funny addition to the cast."
:(
:'( I haven't played that game in forever and I still remember that mission
"Really wish things could have worked out for him, hate to see injuries derail anyone."
I think he got two fouls already
i would watch that
"Uhmmm... telephone, email, customer care services"
Can purge be corn plz
"This is not a mundane detail, Michael!"
al-Bab is bigger than Idlib?
Tell me what is actually being done with it...*that* is what determines if it is cool or not.
"You spelled ""the internet"" wrong."
"Pepe is still few levels above otamendi, Both at being a defender &amp; being a thundercunt."
Jet fuel *can* melt aluminium foil hats it seems.
the government really was spying on us all.
Turn back if you can
"Well, you have you know these things when you're a king, you know."
"If it's OK with you, I'd like to massage your calves."
Best gif I think I've ever made!
"No, there was another girl who fought back and died."
Pssssssssss
It's a really great book!
I'd love to know which one.
Check out The Devil's Backbone
"No, it cuts off your access to the site itself for 24 hours."
"Just clicked it, it says yes."
2015: The year we found out that Peyton Manning is mortal and Charles Woodson is immortal.
So who do you guys think will run against President Hillary Clinton in 2020?
"Wow, thanks for the perspective."
I dont see where im supposed to enter that code when checking out
You think BLM and ISIS are working together?
"r/futureschoolshooters oh yeah, that's right :'("
it'd be amazing to see a 1v5 with some guy with some insane batshit buff
I didn't!
"Weather is very warm this year, half January was only colder now its very warm (at least in south)."
Breaking News: multiple homes robbed in northeast Mesa after redditor announces they leave their doors unlocked
Works for me.
the new abysal blade is also really good on him
"hmm, i should go to book stores more often"
I think I've heard something about Marty having something to do with it... but I have a tendency to remember things wrong and then state them as fact.
"Yeah, but we have...we have...uhhh...Holiday?"
"He shoots rabbits, he cuts cats open"
Get the fuck out
I don't think being an ass in response to an ass will alleviate the problem
And don't forget the paid vacation!
I'm not sure what there was to misunderstand about my comment.
"""Please accept our complementary shower token as an apology"""
"I was wanting to convey that you were dead rather than no-life, but I couldnt think of something short enough that felt like it could actually be an attribute."
"I have Rhythm Tengoku: The Best Plus running on ReiNand 10.3, so I'm pretty sure out of region works now."
I think he's just exaggerating stuff or just outright lying to rationalize sexism.
Not even the Itachi arc?
Bangus
BeT YoUJ CanT NaMe 5 SongS ThoUgh!
I'm glad you can sea the wave of appreciation we have for you guys.
"It is definitely really crazy good, but I don't recall anything too crazy that he remembered in this podcast, did he?"
Can you explain why you think the combat is better than GW2?
"Probably IMRC, which is nice until they break"
"As a trans-species person, flying took some getting used to, but having wings is pretty cool."
"qwertyuiop[\asdfghjkl;'zxcvbnm,./ or qwertyuiopasdfghjkl;zxcvbnm,./"
"No, it's more of the suction aspect of it."
"ah ok, I was thinking like * Meeting x ** Subj 1 notes ** Subj 2 notes ** Todo's *** call mary But your idea is better."
KeK
Householder was visibly anoited by God shortly after.
Double SWOOP
"""Flagged for removal, this is a Bash Iran Thread"""
... but the damage to their car costs more than they would make if they drove that kind of car?
hes too ugly on the inside
Yep.
"But that's not what ""original"" literally means."
Brote made a random photoshop of angryjoe and all the sudden a bunch of crazy middle eastern people came out of the woodwork calling it offensive and then things kinda happened.
ngl I only come to this sub for Jesamo posts now
instruction unclear: penis stuck in the cheapest prostitute nearby
"According to rumor, there are some other characters not named Naruto, Sasuke, Kakashi, Sakura, Hashirama, Minato, Itachi, Madara or Obito."
lol SPAAA most dishonorable death for Panther must commit sudoku
For now...
wojackbrain.jpg
"As great as this sounds, we can't let the odds make us apathetic!"
Lance Hunter
"I originally read ""pelican"" as ""politician,"" made all the difference."
Doesn't make their statement wrong in *anyway*.
"And assholes and cunts, as well as butts."
Weeden...
# HILLARY FOR PRISON
What a great quote
citation?
Good to know
30% chance.
Upvote so I can get Karma
Is there a difference between hating a country and its people for what they have done versus what they are?
Stop being fat.
"IS-4/IS-7, BC25t, AMX 30, Object 140, E5, 113, 263, 50b"
I'm mildly spicy
"I wish you were the director of the world feed Cubejam, F1 would be much funnier to watch if that was the case!"
What does that even mean?
That's why it's here.
"I hope to end mine in January or February, and will make a big to do about it."
This just happened to me yesterday I was so confused and mad!
When do you reddit if not in class?
Origins lands may get extra reprints.
whoever that guy is he does a great impersonation of Kevin Spacey.
Wow that's quite a stretch to go from where you are to playoff bound
Pure establishment rhetoric there
Fake History is so damn good I'm hype as shit for their new album.
Laws don't dictate what's right
"I don't think that's nearly blind enough to pass muster - you might be thinking of Trump, who said he would hand the reins to his kids if elected."
Please explain to me the complexity of the emotion this gives you?
not funny
"He cares, he just makes you hide them like you should be ashamed of your heritage."
If only I played a brass instrument...
Why is it whenever this fucker smiles it looks like he's just baring his teeth to show dominance?
Uh no... You shouldn't buy a Chromebook because one dude is incompetent?
More demand really... Thats all.
it's a pretty stiff existence
Put Saudi on it while you're at it.
Tell me about it... I fell and dislocated my shoulder last night
"I'm just going to let you know something, I don't like you and I think you know why."
"I failed my promos to gold 5 3 times today, I feel u bro"
Amnesia Haze
I like the NCAAF overtime rules
"Not making a good show for themselves, first attacking the Veterans, now a soldier."
"And I literally wrote twice in the comment section, that this is a ticker and when I posted it, it had a different headline."
"Check again, it should have a little LED frowny face that'll light up when all the oil runs out or you forget to pay the bills,"
To be fair I think the artist could have made them a lot more intimidating by choosing less flamboyant colors.
"Learning that there science is usually a beneficial thing, regardless of context."
"This is mostly true but you only get one chance at this, once you take that stub off it goes bad rather quickly for some reason."
5 shacos + 5 shaco ults + 5 shaco souls
"""God has granted me many gifts, one of them being to knock you, THE FUCK, OUT!"""
So is Mimzee just for the chests you happen to get between bosses and not necessarily to farm on when youre trying to push deeper?
"Not exactly what you're asking for, but if you click ""Top"" and switch ""links from"" from ""past 24 hours"" to ""all time"" it does a pretty good job."
It's awful.
Don't think anyone said it was wrong
This *is* vigorous promo.
What if time was irrelevant completely and we only exist to serve and be served until we die.
If he does not come in on this drive you may have been totally correct.
That isn't Kaz.
I'm strongly tempted to request you draw me like one of your French girls.
"nice, wasnt sure from pics i've seen as mp is almost as big as unit"
I heard Belichick went straight home from that game and bathed in his favorite jam....
[9]
"I believe she is involved in a lot of charity work, I see no reason that she wouldn't carry that on once she is first lady."
Spoken like someone suffering from Stockholm Syndrome.
"Lol, it was an awesome show."
"Fuck me, when am I going to get to the point that I can tip $150 without a care..."
"""the shittiest cell phone in the world is a miracle"" -Louis CK"
If you're right it will be an amazing conference.. don't think we'll see that much though
NO.
Silent screaming intensifies
Or we could just keep it PG and have a Reddit Bukake meet up.
Not willing to discount that hypothesis eiter.
Canada: Yisss!
A little bit of Bernie in my life
I thought he meant the band
FLAIR
This was made like 1-2 years ago I think.
Explanajoke.
Administrative law (regulation) is still law.
it shows people are going through the effort to pirate the game instead of not playing
Well they can turn him into a quadriplegic
"That sounds amazing, but it would suck if he turned up and you happened to be ill or something and not in the mood haha."
"It's in a better place now, flying somewhere where there are no altitude restrictions, crosswinds and batteries last forever."
Aye
Amazing body
Knowing our luck he'll come into McKale next week and drop 50 on us.
OP should go out the window and sneak up on the nephew.
"Christ, just how many times will this faked image be reposted?"
"I took it like so: when bran tried to worg into Hodor he also worgd into Walder making a bridge between past Hodor and old Hodor, meaning Walder took the mental strain of being murdered which is why all he says is Hodor being the last thing he remembers, Hodor was essentially dead, soulless."
"I get oranges with with any from 3+ kills, rolling a red is completely rng if you get 3 kills then its up to chance the orange is a red; my highest kill score was 9 and I rolled an orange if that indicates kills don't equate a red."
The Army doesn't want any more tanks either though.
meme
Is the price mentioned yet?
Hitler liked his brownies cut from the center.
Only analysis I can give you is Kersh/Bum is probably the best matchup in baseball.
"Johnny Goldman, attorney at claw, is back on the beat!"
*whoosh*
"No, it's the one with huge square hole in the middle and 3 points around it above."
"ouch, thats $600 at the moment!"
Good on her for proper use of vocab!
the ones in floating boxes that stay in the same place when scrolling
darth darth binks?
It probably implies that he WAS a witch.
Easier to smugle drugs out of Latin america with your own plane
This woman should never be allowed alone with your child again.
I would have to agree that there is something definitely fishy about the scenario that OP has presented us with.
That's a ph 2 right?
C9 isn't on the list checkmate my friend
Playing videogames != unhealthy depends from person to person
Amateurs..
Got to indoctrinate them early that small microtransactions are ok.
"The sheep thing is new and it's fine for now but the ""Never Forget the First Rule of blah blah blah"" needs to stop."
And his legendary Frankenstein was a total pos cobbled together out of whatever parts he could find.
Bravo!
What sticker is that on the hardtop glass with a donkey in a Miata?
I love notepad++
"""Cesc Frabregas will ~~return to Arsenal and reject Manchester United and here is why~~ stay at Barcalona..."""
got the glow?
June 15th at 7am GMT
"Fuck this, Iran or the Arab states should deal with ISIS."
"Hello, hello, hello, how low?"
"Huzzah, let this comment ring throughout the land!"
"Keemstar, the parasite that feeds off of pure drama fluff."
Time Planning Spreadsheet?
I bet!
If kenny was playing against mediocre NA teams I'm sure he'd look pretty good too despite his recent form.
Error 404: partner not found
"[](/whattheflut) nah, fluttershy m8"
And even more miserable man for several years before finally dying of complications due to alcoholism.
Ah fair enough let's give it a few more years then.
At least he didn't flip you the bird.
Yes
"Honestly if there were a God and he wanted us to know about him he wouldn't have ordered people to write a book for him in one language, he would have done something far more direct."
"Either or, technically no US team has won the new CONCACAF champions league format"
I feel like anyone that owns a box of puppets would stoop to this level of crazy at some point.
"No, but I'm sure you could get the recon helmet from Bungie"
Or clinically retarded
They going back?
"Join us for Shenanidads, Sunday nights at 9 EST GTA playlist followed by free roam"
"Derby Thai is good for lunch, not much else around."
With an orgasm
#HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA #RemoveKebab
Cant Ayyven Ayy lmao correctly
Are you referring to the Legend of Drunken Master?
Who'd-a thunk it?
That's one of the greatest thing a I've ever heard!
Nice hair though!
Astronautical then?
"Congratulations, you missed the point on nearly every single thing he said."
"This pic motivated me, then I tried my 5th round, proceeded to get rekt again.... that damn 6* Fei won't die....."
I might cry myself to sleep.
You put it on a house to get blown by the wind
"I dunno man, but what about that time when Cyanide went 7/0 as Aatrox at semifinals"
That kid will go far in life.
continued wingnut reposts.
Translation: we should cut health care and other important services more so that we can further do stuff that ends up only really helping the wealthy.
Beware of the ad.
Because it is.
He told his wife years ago he could fit it in without any problems...
Exactly like my NY's eve.
Aaand now I want *more* internet.
"they have medical standards, too bad there isnt medical billing standards."
Once the album drops since everyone else is in a Anti-drug type of mood.
It actually used to be and has now been phased out but I know older people and MDs with BS in pre-medicinal studies
"Wouldn't call that pure trap, but pure rap sure."
That click bait
That was Messi driving the forklift after the game last night.
"You raise a lot of good points, but while Nvidia has held the performance crown for the past few years, AMD has held it multiple times in the past; It's happened before, and it may or may not happen again."
"Seriously, I'd loooove to see this thing do a quick pull."
"The comparison isn't exactly deep or profoundly, except it's profoundly obvious."
Have an up vote.
At least it's better than #hammerweek lmao
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^i ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^don't ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^know
The Animated Series
"""Nigger"" is usually racist."
"Surprise, mother mmmpher!"
just your standard regular soloq player with 3 accounts in Challenger
"""it's someone else's problem"" said every country they attempt to enter."
I think he's just an idiot.
I think most Rosberg fans just want to see their favourite driver clinch that title now that he finally seems to 100% have the upper hand.
"Have a beer at Legends for me, I miss Nashville (in spite of the Preds unfriendly policies)"
Let me know when a comedy central roast is something a Presidential candidate needs on their CV.
Thats what the election will be for ~~Hilla~~ Joe.
"Mike Teti: ""I'm being fucked"""
"This is tight, where from?"
Switch to a margin account.
What do you mean?
It's being designed using sketchup?
"Usually I'm pretty good at guessing the top comments of a post cause Reddit is extremely predictable, but I'm surprised I had to scroll this far down for this."
Yeah true
How about looking for proof before posting a video?
"Don't the cell carriers hold records of sent messages, to aid in investigations like this?"
"I think, as a former Secretary of State, she certainly knows better than you do about the topic."
What's the finish on it?
Oculas Support please.
Oh how you under estimate people.
I watch shows like naruto and dbz dubbed just because that's how I grew up with them.
Millions more people like her over the opponent?
0 Because I'm not stupid enough to give any amount of money to doublers.
What's the difference between a font and a typeface?
I wouldn't be one bit surprised if the Tantive IV made an appearance later in the film...I hear Bail Organa has a cameo...maybe it's at the end with him saying he's sending his daughter to Obi-Wan on Tatooine w/ the plans...something of that bent.
"its already back though, SHIELD is officially out of the shadows now, and they are working with the government."
I really wish I had saved my old IBM from '98 for this purpose.
"Believe me, I considered responding as well, but there are more important issues at hand with the poor fate of the OP's friend to waste time with this nonsense."
But can he dodge a ball?
COO BE.
now that is really odd ...
thought it was a dalmatian from the small preview picture
"Trailer Park Boys A show on Netflix, about...well...trailer park boys"
"You should try and sell the RON currency to the US Republicans , they would probably love that brand !"
"Great interview, loved it."
^^mumble ^^mumble ^^mumble **I WANTED TO**
"He attempted two audacious chips in the game, both hitting the woodwork."
Is tunnel vision the thing when your sight becomes distorted as if the world's resolution kind of glitched?
"Calm down, Satan."
"Looking back on it now, Mermaid Daryl was the first time I'd ever been sexually stirred by a woman."
*Courtseys**
They'll release the game for the XBox juan and then two years later for the scorpio and pc
I don't believe in climate change.
Not to mention yes can mean yes today but months after you've last seen her it can suddenly mean no.
"I seen.some on clearance at a local store and wanted to be sure, ty!"
I've never been one to care enough online about arguing to back myself up.
Excellent point.
Loss prevented isn't a thing that is automatically turned on for a single game.
and me when sitting couch at hom 'yes'
;)
"Yup, considering the amount of 'Premium' content in the game, it's shockingly p2w free."
"If you don't mind me asking is windows mouse acceleration called ""enhance pointer precision""?"
O
it's like something straight out of arrested development.
Please learn how to communicate with people!
Wut?
"I'm not sure, but I think it could be **no brakes**"
thats more than my entire computer is worth!
Thats awesome.
"I do the same thing, but isn't it bad for our eyes if we keep using it longer than one month?"
blocking traffic on the freeway should be included in scumbags.
*No more pokeballs*
No its a cosplayer
To this day I still have no idea who invited the hawgs.
She's Romanian.
"But she isn't, though."
... and a partridge in a pear tree!
"All I see is ""Working as intended."""
Almost certainly
junk science
From his own smug ass of course.
"I understood that reference, for what it's worth."
"Personally I prefer ME2 in terms of playability, but the story was best in the first one I think."
I don't get it.
jonnyboy829
oh fail
Nobody talks about rs3
Didn't they say it would be available this summer?
"HE SAID, HE KEEPS BURNING HIS HOUSE DOWN NEARLY EVERY DAY."
"""valve predetermines the areas for that type of skin."""
IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES
Social Cohesion = Sacrifice + Reciprocation Whens the last time people willingly sacrificed for the community?
I thank our janitors all the time.
GET A GRIP
Chatting shit on an Embiid thread
Relax
The real LPT.
That would be amazing!
I like how his food is on the other side of the table.
"He was also a pretty great host for the Alliance Tournaments over the years, it would be nice to see if he is going to have any presence on any of Riot's broadcasts."
"Nope, but lots of companies do the Global Corporate Challenge, our company just added the prizes."
Also thats not a white spot on its back.
"They do make good entertainment now, the plot holes mind you."
:(
"Yet, It's perfectly acceptable to coach them in sport"
"Ayer lo vi, pero no tenia idea de que era :v"
"Electric mats, for sure."
"Literally nothing on xbox one, again"
"He is still a rookie, only time will tell."
Same here on lg
Stick to polar bears.
"Still looks nice, too."
Rcmp
"This post will barely get any upvotes and atleast as a human if you're not going upvote, don't downvote it."
I know this sub likes to shit on Landeskog and call him a dirty player but I don't care that was one clean monster hit!
Still no sign for me (in UK)
alrighty man I'll get back to you if I decide to pull the trigger
tell that to the borg.
"I disagree he wasn't a good president, he was just handed some really, really shitty cards."
Wow that was painful to watch
And we all know that there's no way a war between countries that both have nukes would end any other way than nuclear winter.
Bret screwed Bret.
"i believe you're thinking about Crytek, not CDPR"
This bottle holds a little more than 30 ml :-)
Meanwhile the Republicans are actually doing most of the taking.
"He sucks so hard, can't even troll properly"
"Dah self importance in dat femmy, doe"
"Turn the other cheek is hebrew for "" HOLD THE FORT TO THE LAST MAN"""
"Less than 100,000 rounds fired I'm sure."
Is that the one in Wilsonville?
I recommend it
"The dark grays are linear, like cherry red switches, while the light grays are tactile but not clicky, like cherry browns."
Mmmmmm
Has any cunt seen this in a bottlo?
missed conversion lead to OT or Tie :)
"Oh, my bad."
half the sub is common sense advice and the other half is living out justice/drama boners through distressed ops.
"Watch the Japanese trailers for it, ignore the English ones."
"Ask them if they can direct you to the proper drinking fountain, in case they have those segregated by gender or race, too."
That's pretty fucking badass.
WEL-COME.TO.EARTH-WORLD.WHERE.YOU.WILL.BE.EX-TER-MINATED!
It means anal in the woods
But for real; Beyonce had one of the best albums of all time.
Now I have more regrets for not being able to make it to Germany!
"The icing can be fixed, nice pick up"
When I first read your comment I thought you meant the girls life was precious and that this guy should have to sit and think about it the rest of his life
"And thankfully this is just pure rage, not motivated by anything like racism or sexism, just pure bitching and moaning... Delicious delicious tear covered popcorn"
"..why would you're mom be ""extremely uncomfortable and offended"" no offence but is she 5?"
"Burn the heretics, blood for the blood god?"
Would make sense along with the Ian we've seen in his latest videos being fake as well theory
"very true, but i thought it an interesting conversation starter"
"Well if a 12th century Papal bull said it, it must be binding."
Nicotine is nicotine.
And people care because it's DELICIOUS.
but the 3DS has 3D porn
If mobs don't get him
Does that prohibition continue if there is a pandemic and bodies need to be burned to prevent the spread of disease?
"\#7429 1,877"
That would be hilarious
"Yeah I heard he is really good sword fighting, that fish wouldn't stand a chance"
"Oh my, that's really tragic for whoever had to clean that out... On a trip to Ally Pally, our coach driver announced the coach toilet was *for whispering, not shouting*."
Hardware limited how?
Hardly newsworthy.
I'm thinking it happened when they were forced to go from SD to HD.
Or you could not be cheap
"People talk *shit* on the Browns, but they go to the Super Bowl basically every day."
"Like, perhaps, a pair of cat handcuffs."
"Don't be such a faggot and ask him to leave, faggot"
Absolutely love it!
Lenny or Leo?
I was thinking the same thing erveek.
"Well, thanks for the help"
Has Mark May given his take on Ohio State getting in since the rankings have gotten released?
How is it different from the mini?
"Damn the rain was freezing last night, I know what you mean!"
"Yes because chip was known for his traditional, by-the-books west coast offense..."
She is a fantastic spotter when I bench pr
Midnight CEST
"Can't find it, what do I have to look for?"
is a tosser not an english insult?
Lots of bits 'n strips.
"[](/party) Well this is my first time seeing it, so I tip my hat to you."
Thoughts?
"Exactly that would have been my answer, too!"
Very interesting concept that it may be a failed experiment of multi cellular life.
exactly what went through my head when he mentioned that lol
Because most votes on the left fail to show up at mid-term elections (or make the perfect the enemy of the good)
Just need to hear from Lord Reed of the Neck now.
"plus corporations are given tax incentives, big ones too to go into developing for something as niche as this."
Now i want to see the upgrades of the other units aswell
Oh_Honey.jpg
Other than chrome not usually but I'll check if anything is running in the background.
hearthstone happened
"Yep, it's from test session in Mugello earlier this year."
"To be fair he might not even see play as 2/4, 2 damage is really low in this meta and the silence would be neat against some matchups but doesn't matter in most"
"This is on peaceful as well, so no creepers will be blowing shit up."
NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga
"The Kent State Massacre, however, was an anomaly from an otherwise perfect generation, I'm sure."
Does Trump pray?
I play with like 20 fps and this is fucked
Dwyane Wade
got a timestamp
All Day I Dream About Shooting 12%
ITT: Assholes.
it's mac only
That's some sweet tomato.
"Restart uplay, there are new legal terms to accept."
"Fair enough, we hope McDonald's makes yours automated."
*You think dahrknesh is your ally*
"Yes, but who's Dann?"
Fighting cancer with cancer
aka Steven fucking finally asks the follow up questions.
Well I just thought the leader should be somebody with the capacity for abstract thought.
Most likely not at IGF.
Silver Surfer for the NES would be a frigging cakewalk if he was as powerful as he is in lore.
Doesnt need to be jacked when he's got those hands and quickness at his disposal
"Like many technologies starting out those who invented it often were well aware of the possible applications long term but simply lacked materials, technology or required additional research."
Do not disrespect lord flusha
Go sell your sausage someplace else.
#/facepalm
*hug*
The feel of cotton on dry fingers
"oh my bad didn't read close enough, then I suggest ryze"
I think your grandpa dug an executioner axe.
The Art of Driving in the Rain your a dog person
"doesn't GOG have this too, let me check"
Yes
Lolness
"Best goal you've ever score, so far :^)"
just slide to the right and other options will appear
...walks into a bar.
Damn jews killing jews in order to drive out arabs!
"I know that if *I* had berries, I would want to eat them alone, so I wouldn't have to share them."
Yeap.
"Applying to a new job like... Why yes, I am bilingual"
Sound for Head
It doesn't seem like they listen anyway.
"Thats one problem too itself, but the main problem is that FACEIT offers very unrealistic ""ELO"" systems for the players and ""possibilities"" for higher leagues and matches for the solo players, that are infact nearly IMPOSSIBLE to achieve, because, well, the soft reset that is there every month."
Yeah okay maybe the majority?
Justinstant kill
AMD hasn't been leading in GPU for a while.
Guess we can just make up headlines then...
I'm surprised nobody's mentioned the fast TTK and low recoil (for worst).
YES YES AND YES!
"&lt;3 you and &lt;3 Futuresight, I still want Stifle to 1 Mana stone rain, but I can work with this."
Sounds like a Cat Facts candidate to me.
No
Thank you.
"Chess, I love chess"
don't think they're currently taking orders
I wonder if this is because of a certain site that allows you to bet on your own MM games...
My scharnhorst would like a word.
So would Tammy.
Only thing its missing are 2 heavily armed guards.
Sup
*wild west music plays*
I found the feminist!
"You don't know what the situation is like for nursing students, so personally I think you should mind your own business instead of insulting people for doing their jobs dude."
These comments are just terrible.
Nothing against Lil B. Just don't free Lil Wayne.
"Shall I eat the cuttrefish and asparagus, Kyru, or the vanirra pasto?"
"Yah, can you imagine the skating rink that would create in the winter?"
"Dear God, what have you done to your doors?"
I watched that like GET HIS GET HIS ASS when he started whooping the bully.
"I have to ask, why am I seeing so many lefty counter strike videos?"
"Why didn't you put the %difference on the ""pixels"" row?"
English is hard ok...
How'd she get Ryan Stiles?
Looks as if they are getting what they want
"Well also before codified laws, people would kill people for minor grievances too."
"Nor is it Virginia, Maryland or DC."
Exhausted demoralized defense.
Lumpy Colgate Latte
Norway's tourism board?
Can't tell which of you is luckier to be cuddling the other.
Any more tips on staying under the radar?
HEE already has them.
but has Penn been bad because he has Feliciano next to him?
"Be nice, high school is hard."
"Clayton's plans are going to be funded by the cent sales tax increase, not the .5 cent referendum that's being proposed here."
"The capture works, but it's a timed screenshot, you have 3 seconds to switch to the screen you want to screenshot."
Oh you mean like video stories?
"Wait, how big is the Arma 3 map?"
"You know what I meant, bot."
It's not true.
Lost Boys
sex
for vod links?
"Thanks, I think we all understood that already lol."
Weird because almost everyone goes 80-85 on the 15 after Barstow
Would love browserify support for this!
"style switching is so unreliable now with the pid update though, the attacks are so close together."
"I bet the ATR will be: ""Yes we know you didn't like the demo, but in the full game will be better, PLEASE BE EXCITED"""
How did that 0.5 dwarf feel?
I should get his email and pretend to be the tax man asking for a gift
Holy shit in the last clip he got the music to line up perfectly with ALL FOUR HEADSHOTS
"My power color r9 280 says it requires 700w or more, I run 600w"
How do you know?
"It seemed quite clear to me, by the title, that this young man was becoming an Eagle Scout."
"Yeah, that link is going to stay blue."
That's why it has so many upvotes..
I want two strokes back... 250cc and 70hp.
fake [Case Closed]
Well I guess it's good that FIFA doesn't give a shit about poor people then!
That's a really good point.
you're an acronym
"""He's the only candidate without a Super PAC"""
"Die, cis scum!"
"To be fair, their genetic similarites halve every generation, resulting in them biologically being barely more related than strangers."
"Our motto here is, ""Indiana: At least it's not Ohio."""
I thought the Village was the gay area.
What's up with his fin?
Well how's the wife holding up?
"Seems biased though, the network won't make a difference, it's just another popularity contest."
Which is funny since that's what kibler was playing.
"If you think that the media didn't play a part in what happened last year, you're insanely naive."
maine coons rule
Getting boned by papyrus.
Or right angle stupidity.
"From leaks way back, this makes me more curious now."
INCREASE the POTAT
For the whole town no less!
So... How's Vish?
I was thinking the same thing.
Above freezing?
"No, it was the 7th, but also the 3rd, because it came out after Revenge of the Sith but between Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith."
lol :)
You can play as a girl in Battlefield 4 as well.
"not likely for spring of 2016, but NASL's dual season system makes it easy for them to jump in the fall season"
"Id just like to see a similar thing to Leagues team builder, you can queue up as a certain category of heroes, or build your own team of mixed roles you want, it would be a bit wonky to implement, but something of that sort id like to see"
And what medical condition would that be?
When Hai was at his best he was playing Zed and Fizz and Kha as assassins.
Looks like we're going to be eating out for months!
Thanks for the info!
"12v at a high amperage can be lethal, while 10,000 volts at a very low amperage can be easily survivable."
ok
The fans cheered like the Texans just scored Damn...
"I was thinking, ""points."""
Dude just cut a little hole in the case and send me the $500 I just saved you.
"If he's insane, shouldn't he be held in a psychiatric institution, then?"
Evidence please?
"Unsure about the actual city, but it's home to the biggest university in Kentucky -- Kentucky University -- and it's a liberal stronghold in an otherwise fairly conservative state, so I expect the young people there to give it to Bernie in the end."
"A lot, but Zombicide, Tiny Epic Galaxies and Darkest Night more than most :)"
There are probably just as many people who use balancers religiously regardless of necessity.
Pushing gender norms and trying to justify it.
I'm still grinnin'...
Very nice.
"Wait, you can drink on njtransit?"
"of course its the true game pay too win free xp splasher private scape bad combat, bad graphics nerd"
I read that in the voice of Handsome Jack.
How was he killed?
He needs to get back on the tanning bed and turn the knob all the way up to 11.
"Not only do they take forever, but they stop him from doing the two important things for his job, breathing and lifting his arms."
MY MAN!
The best days of my.... Fleeeeeeerrrrrrmmm :(
"Yeah, this makes more sense because the first 10 points of AC account for even a commoner's ability to move out of the way of a slow attack, not their 'mighty' cloth/rags taking the hit."
that's one way to minimize the (potential) pain I guess.
"Thank you for the reply, I guess I'm just angry and was hoping I missed something."
"Shitty luck about the phone man, shit happens."
"It was, but you are dealing with a bandwagon who don't wanna hear and will downvote that shit"
It's almost as if Reddit is made up of millions of different people with opposing viewpoints
Ha you saw me eh
"Thats the best, Seeing people open to the better solution, Atleast they arent the nazis that think console is better(The kind that isnt open and immediatelly is a dick not all peasants are nazis) and try to make you believe in their bs"
Imagine the cat from Sabrina the teenage witch doing this and Sabrina was actually the alcoholic black sheep who stayed home all day getting drunk and sleeping around
"If you can get the tree out of the way, it's all yours."
That looks spot on
"Please, I hope it doesn't come to us fighting back from 0-3."
"""This new generation sucks"" - Every single generation Not really rage material, this is just normal."
Blob Loblaw lobs law blob.
You are an evil person.
You have a problem with our safety net?
Me too
He used it to beat Ricochet in their now-famous match.
"Ladies and gentleman, the real savages are revealed."
but that doesn't explain how 100kb DLing speed would cripple my whole internet when I have like 60 mbps bandwidth.
Their forehead tattoos.
"If you say this out loud, it is required to be in a southern accent (Georgia specifically)."
"While this design is cool and would be great in the right thing, it doesn't look capable of constructing the ships in Arrival."
I really want this to be my flair tbh.
My ex-wife attacked me unprovoked while I was holding our infant daughter.
In Russia anything is possible...
"I was thinking a couple of warm neutral mattes, and a few matte jewel tones - khakis, cobalt, emeralds - shades that would bring out my brown eyes."
I'll take one please.
ctrl + tab makes my game freeze :c
"It's not the rule that was broken, it's the rule explanation is a link to the very same video."
Victory is OURS today.
"I would have to agree with that, it is infact not *crucial*"
PERSONALLY I LIMIT MY EXPRESSION TO GAMES LIKE THE WITCHER THEN.
This guy.
I liked his cameos on 30Rock.
Insert slowpoke meme here
"Even though we're really small, would we still see everything like that"
"And United, City and Chelsea are 5 points clear."
I didn't because I ran out of pokeballs.
THE PROPHECY MUST COME TRUE
Monsters are Due on Maple Street and Five Characters in Search of an Exit particularly fit the bill.
Holy shit thank you for telling me about that addon.
::puts on robe and wizard hat::
That's.... very strange.
"Nah, I just don't support the 16 year old special snowflakes who have no other aspect to their personality other than their made up mental illnesses"
"nah too slow, theres already a ton of 5 drops here that you need to play and I think card draw comes secondary to surviving."
Couchtuner has them I believe.
"had he married, it probably would have been worse ............"
Turn that island on your right into another canal city.
heh
dislocated jaw smiley
Be the first one on your block to have your boy come home in a box.
Spending 50 crystals every day for it to get a net of 450
and 600 murders a year.
"Exactly, and I don't use either of those words anyhow."
"In Canadian schools we call it ""Soccer Baseball"", please fix the title."
What's down?
OH FUCK YES.
"This, but if it was originally windows 7 then the code should be somewhere on the pc case on a sticker."
Browse Reddit
Didn't realize being polite was also being cowardly.
go listen to clumsy and rethink that comment
"the entire time I watched this I just kept thinking "" hes going to be so fucking rich"""
No it isn't
Don't even try fat logic is unbreakable
Stoopid funDIE.
"Must be a typo, surely his name is Wank Dong."
D:
If they stand in my area they'll be a high transfer anyway.
Watch him leave the Bengals and win a SB with his next team.
The minigames though.
Won't happen - English is more practical than so-called variety.
That is a powerful image.
That makes about as much sense as
hes not
The Whale's Tail?
"Same, sold my two keys for more than the price of a retail game"
His comment history suggests he's just a troll.
Well he was a Western ADC
"Acetone, because diabetes"
"Good, these pets need homes, and hopefuly this will reduce puppy mills"
"So, was he kicked out of the Teen Anime Club because he's like 25 and therefore ""not a teen""?"
Obviously you're not a golfer
*Bbbbbbbbbbbbb* Fuck Yeah
In America if i see our town in the news I wonder who got killed today
Just use the non-farmable sockets filter
"from what i've read, its a great keyboard, I have a K70 though and love it (though this is great for the pirce if you like mx blues)"
So you're saying they're... custom custom one pros?
kinds
Too many tabs open.
The balls are obviously Asian
"I agree, and put the funding into rehabilitation and health services."
A bad movie having a multiracial cast doesn't equal pandering.
"I prefer Gaige from BL2 (She's also adorable as hell), but from Pre-Sequel it's definately Athena."
vim+pandoc or vim+latex or vim+fmt/etc
"The problem isn't low wages.. it's high taxes.. but then again, the NSA/IRS won't pay for itself!"
"I know I've got little chance for a copy now, but fuck it I still want one :P sorry OP but it looks like a lot of people have faith in your generosity and/or just want free shit."
Never underestimate the enemy - no matter how stupid they are
Just move it in and out until you get power or ejaculate
Yeah its not like the have a shortage of customers
"Can confirm, saw a sign for Ben Carson last week in New Hampshire."
So enabling XMP would automatically set it to the 2400mhz and increase the voltage to the 1.65 that it says on the ram?
Guess she must have been...waiting to do that.
They blow out of pickup trucks when idiots don't strap them down.
or use a paperclip and a small flathead or you know lockpicks
"Getting Pascal's Wager (expanded) right is like winning Russian Roulette, except five of the six chambers are loaded."
"The cuddle puddle, if you will."
Did they fucking troll the shit out of us with 4 years?
seems low
Represent!
No tradable uts
"George, lay off the butter."
I have an X and a test G... incompatible for both as of this comment.
Um.... not as good as everyone seems to believe.
I wish APS would check my internet services and could make a difference in network speeds.
Did you Macklemore the thrift store?
"the indian govt doesn't really want him back bro, read the writing on the wall"
dm;sb
"the planet may be a lost cause, but you gonna lay down or what?"
"And that ""urban youth"" are ""unbelievably fleet-footed."""
Something something Rusty Kuntz
Alonso.
"Earl Grey, hot with lemon!"
Downvotes.
Assuming sense the 681s lack bass these take away giving almost no punch.
"""Thanks again wkhlmhmlfdgh"""
Good Ryouko costume as well.
Slater FT
Looks like deceived Christians found this thread...
"For the record, I know exactly what my rotation is doing and I purposefully keep doing it."
No.
I just realized how possible that is...And that's what that new actor that's in Episode VIII that looks a lot like...That queen lady
Your an awesome person.
:( happy holidays
JP Kempt on Divisidero/Oak
holy fuck...
37
Ketchup has no place on hot dogs
The satisfaction.
My parents
Why?
Only occasionally about video games
No rollout plan for other devices?
He is assasinorating from deep the alst month
The temporarily embarrassed middle-class.
"Yeah they are filthy rich, hence all the private plane flights to Drake concerts"
I support this idea.
"Lived there for five years, concur, fuck CT."
"As a life long habs fan, there is no way that the Price is wrong."
Lets not fucking pretend he is the sole reason pubs are shit
"I love, love, LOVE this idea."
Those tariffs would have to be astronomically high to make US labor prices any where close to worth moving back to the US.
They said They were already looking for player but it's kinda hard to find good players right now because there's no competitived matchmaking yet.
Pitchforks at the ready sir!
"Rules, read them"
we couldn't watch bewitched for the same stupid reasons
The worst part of that is that you KNOW he had spent several minutes thinking about that piss poor excuse of a joke before he opened with it... god damn it.
"And pedophilia is only like, the 5th worse thing about Islam..."
Cyprus is in Africa anyway.
"He didn't say not to try them, just be prepared to break stuff."
People actually write gl hf in this game not just cyka blyat!
That's the most optimistic-sounding thing I've ever heard.
"you can bookmark lines with sublime text, `cmd`+`f2.`, or press `ctrl`+`-` to go back to the previous cursor spot."
Starship troopers Directed by Tyler Perry ....fuck my life
"I don't want the newer elite specs to be better than the current ones, they need to be as good but cover a different role."
Sick cult
"In homage to Demitri Martin's ""Super busy hospital"", we present ""Super busy STD clinic!"""
They were also hugely popular as parlor games where people could talk to their subconscious but then sales tanked on December 26th 1973 and since then people have this illusion that they're evil or sommin.
Nope just the two intakes.
"agreed, fantastic four... drool..."
"Nope :) Deca is 10, deci is 0.1 1 bel=100 decibels"
Does work on Hawaii Asense M8 7.9 Plus?
Well in Gold no one knows what a lane swap is good for
"**GET THE DUCK OUT OF THE PASSING LANE** If your not passing anyone, move over"
"Oh god, fuck that guy."
hahahahah I was beaten.
"I've always found monkeys terrifying, even before I heard the stories about them eating people's faces off and ripping off their genitals."
"Our hero roles still outnumber though, unless the werewolves count but I cant imagine that being fair"
Socialism always seems to rise after liberals lose and become radicalised by the far left.
Oklahoma Native Americans
Seconded.
The Men Who Stare at Goats
Clearly I disagree with that.
Fourth option: ask other poor college students if they want a cheap Xbox.
Don't forget the theme park.
The same shitty PI they called against us earlier.
they were docking.
"And now I did, too."
"Also just keep in mind that Prayer and Herblore are very useful skill in late game, but construction is not very useful at all."
"Yep, it's a steal."
No problem dude.
"Now, he can focus on his real passion: Bitching on twitter"
If he gets any closer vlad and ekko are just going to jump on him and 1 shot him.
how the fuck is that rude lol
"400dpi 0.12 look sens 0.08 Ads sens, my g502 has three buttons on the side, button at my thumb is freelook, mouse 4 and 5 are medkits and bandages."
cause it was right in front of them!
Thought you needed xbl to play any of destiny
"If its trying to login in the last few mins, I'm having that issue too."
If the spine ain't bendin' then you're just pretendin'
got heem.
She's probably too stupid/lazy to file the right paperwork and collect the required documentation.
K&amp;R is fine for beginners in my opinion.
I have BAVSS and I could get both those beers 5 minutes away from me.
"Yea, I mean at least it's not a video of a brick smashing through someones passenger side window."
TL:DR he is her backup plan unless something better comes along which is fucked up.
This is the greatest thing I've ever seen
Haha :)
Instead they should just give these tests in fewer inner city schools and more suburban and rural schools and American scores would dramatically increase.
those things often go hand in hand though
I wish I could go back.
I'm definitely not the pick in this conversation.
It's not satire when reddit wants to believe it.
I think that it may be *in*efficient in terms of fuel consumption.
I never said it was malicious; I'm just pointing out the flaw in your reasoning.
Subtle dig there
P2fiddy and maaaaaybe the five seven are the only new sounds I don't prefer over the old ones
Big markets like Salt Lake City and Portland and Orlando.
People don't seem to understand you can deal with more than one problem at a time....
"and worse, a pig fellatio problem"
Tell that to Ted Bundy.
Seeing him like that gives me the chills.
The cock.
Sounds like you need to up the sensitivity on your trackpoint.
I thought they agreed to suspend the strike for Tuesday?
They both just look very generic
A message from your 46th President.
"You need a watch that dispenses hot sauce, someone get smart brother up in here!"
"It's like, your opinion buddy."
I know :( kind of a bummer knowing we'll never get to meet our future spouse in a holocaust.
If that happens I don't think I'll be able to go on here for a few days.
"You get XP, it's tracked in stats, and it shows how useless the rest of your team are."
"This show is so damn good I am currently re-watching it, I hope it continues in some form but if it ends it will go out on top hopefully."
Playing on the 6ers ruined him.
this just brought dark memories this was literally always me
A new APU - a10-7870k just came out :(
"Different cities, same for OP's Merle and Daryl theory."
"why, did I trigger you?"
Yeah right... you realize he's a white nationalist
"Pretty badass, man."
haha...loose
Why is it swimming in oil?
K
"Speaking of which, get on comms more nerd"
I wish but I don't know.
***Puig's May Numbers*** * AVG: .398 * OBP: .492 * SLG: .731 * OPS: ***1.223*** * HR: 8 * RBI: 25
Sure.
"I figured Bedell was battling Schoenfeld, who's apparently kept his spot"
"Scottish football makes the jokes itself, so we don't have to."
Let's go with at least a year of design... Hopefully.
"I didnt see ""run away"" in the list... was there any specific reason that it wasnt included?"
Buying a car with cash is seen as a better idea by many people.
AGV K-5
And Brad Johnson
Are you here yet?
Yea I was pretty close tonight and it seemed like Careful My Love
Is that an IBM keyboard?
My main problem with the Papelbon deal was that we lost a 1st round draft pick all because Amaro couldn't wait 2 days for the new cba or whatever it was to pass.
Already done :)
I've been drinking and can't make heads or tails out of this comment chain.
You can definitely see the inherent cultural parallels between early jazz and current underground techno.
That's fine man I didn't down vote you for the record
Ole!
Has anyone been able to find if/when this is airing in the USA?
Rage blade was op for 1 patch
"Anyone else notice the other set of ""ears"" in the crowd?"
Where's your moral barometer OP?
"""It is still a beta, so it might kill your kitten or destroy your house, but it should be mostly fine now."""
Photography is not a crime
Di dove sei?
Exhibit A: r/politics
WE'RE LEAKING AGAIN...
What is the difference between your accent and uk's accent?
I'm sure any ent-friends would feel charitable on the holiday!
It's basically just applied math!
Rice gum hahahahahahahaha
"I too fear the future (a bit) now, and i am a very optimistic for the future kind of guy :("
Glad I could help!
5 seconds
That would make me so damn happy.
It's a boy!
How do you protect your stash from the pandas though?
"If God can allow any evil for the sake of bringing about a greater good, why can't he support the lesser of two evils?"
"Just need a ""Can't wait to get in the action"" caption on the first photo"
Anyone who I'd be willing to take seriously
That damn nature and its apex predators!
I think using Social Club for the multiplayer and not for the singleplayer is a fine.
Dont forget Sneijder and Gaitan my friend!
Or the truth
Right click it when you search for it and set the shortcut in properties.
You haven't flew yet?
Make the monarchy great again!
"I always thought Bron chose 6 to symbolize his goal, Jordan's 6 rings."
"You *also* forgot Jim ""I killed a man"" Webb and Lincoln ""my dad just died"" Chafee"
not really
"It's this bit from the bottom: ""AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT immediately after the next election, an all-Party process be instituted, involving expert assistance and citizen participation, to report to Parliament within 12 months with recommendations for electoral reforms including, without limitation, a preferential ballot and/or a form of proportional representation, to represent Canadians more fairly and serve Canada better."""
not as spicy as dem kidz bops tho fam
And tell your mom about this sub.
"There are no dutch guilds, I'm fairly certain of that."
I like it
Or maybe she's just not interested in this guy?
"Seriously, I've been jumping for five minutes."
This is not fatlogic ... obviously fat hate.
90% seems like a lot
Flipkart and Snapdeal spat over Alibaba's entry and the thumbnail has Amazon?
"Nah mayne, it's dat dere celltech"
"It's evolution, baby."
I uh.. I dunno
"Dear Stirner, I hope not."
"gf sits on your lap, duh."
Jstew and TD58 are the big notables.
Thanks a lot!
None of them were good.
I'm asking for your specific theory about why the Inflation situation overshadows the Deflation.
"I know it, but I don't want to say it."
I never said that.
"It actually is possible and there is a custom Skype client out there, but it's not possible (as of last year at least) to do calls on a custom client."
"A lot of people are stupid, my friend."
The long con.
"Cool, never thought of doing that"
it is a great way to whore karma
"based on what he's saying, he seems younger inb4 its greg parker"
I was thinking that as well as they wouldn't technically need oxygen?
What about vimeo?
Rody and Bato.
"Nothing to get, he cut off tiny bits of pizza hoping his roommate won't notice"
Beetlefags
Because he can check out any time he likes but he can never leave?
The shrieking lady in the audience.
"I guess If you're a total homosexual, you might find that kinky."
Do you have a girlfriend?
I have an answer to my question?
What are you conquering?
Do you suppose Jesus would be able to get to the ballot machine without flipping over tables on the way and getting himself thrown out?
"This is from 6 months ago, I don't understand why you're posting it now."
That's adorable :)
sure it's their culture!
"Its one of thsoe I pick up and re read every few years, its jsut a great book."
I would hug him &lt;3
It does look amazing though...
Redwood forests .
The Whatcom County Sheriff's office is the best place to ask.
But not nerfing cards could confuse new players...
...Who is Champ?
"It's gonna be a great comeback, boys"
* And replace it with your robe and wizard hat
"maybe she was walking on a sidewalk when someone copied her illegal, but lightly punished, previous actions?"
I took our rental boat through that hole in the rocks... really stupid idea
goddammit fuck Vaporeon
Let this be a lesson to the rest of you.
"yeah i think we dodged a bullet on this one, seemed really sketch to start off with."
Thank you!
My only regret is that I didn't have awesomitis.
Cunt.
^^^^perfect
This is why the entire fucking NFL is not cool with Ozzie Newsome getting a pick that high.
"You're trolling, bad at smash, retarded, or all three simultaneously."
Sr 91
Is there another version that is higher res?
Source?
Yeah he sat a long time that season.
"Maybe it's ""I love you, [NAME]"", if not I have no clue."
"Yeah, it insults the whip crackers when you improve conditions for the slaves."
"""BEEP BOOP BEEP"""
Yes.
Remember the days when genius songs like Summer Girls came out?
"Try ccleaner for clearing the cache, super easy."
Meh...
shouldn't it be dead island 3?
There's so much room for activities!
Why?
"What's with all these faggots in leather clothes, black and white facepaint and calling themselves Kiss?"
No Mans Sky
He and Stephen Briggs are the best audiobook readers ever.
Lost in transcription.
New best forum weapon
"Ok Gawker, you masters of baiting."
Thanks!
Who is Wolf's alternative?
Aka baseball is not very popular
Incoming but I have no idea what he's eating.
Both trees and god approve of capitalism them
"If memory serves, he usually loses it in the casinos or the racetrack, no?"
idea: someone make an illuminati banner
You know your made-up science is bad when other red-pillers aren't buying it.
"Ah yeah,I forgot"
"If it's rolling the dice on quality vs death by toxoplasmosis, you may be motivated to risk it."
Why did everyone got downvoted?
Anyone know where to buy these?
"Unfortunately the puck was rolling really strangely on that breakaway, with the pressure from behind, it's hard to get anything worthwhile off that chance."
I'm pretty sure he's confusing anarchy with chaos.
Great argument!
\#TheBlueJacketsAreActuallyGreat
"By definition, Christianity is to follow Christ and can be practiced regardless of which cannon people choose to use."
Shows how little you know :)
Are they available in EU?
That's it.
Gifted Hands Think Big The Big Picture Blowjobs
You have to factor in that one Australian Dollar is roughly equivalent to one Yen.
r
Window outside there's a soccer field
Found the woman
"There are rumors going around that this is another Steven Bomb, but also keep in mind similar things happen like every other week and it turns out to be nothing."
And then he'll throw to keep them from reaching TI5 till they disband.
"It ain't hard to tell, I excel, then prevail The mic is contacted, I attract clientele My mic check is life or death, breathing a sniper's death I exhale the yellow smoke of buddha through righteous steps Deep like The Shinin', sparkle like a diamond Sneak a uzi on the island in my army jacket lining Hit the Earth like a comet, invasion Nas is like the Afrocentric Asian, half-man, half-amazing Cause in my physical, I can express through song Delete stress like Motrin, then extend strong I drank Moet with Medusa, give her shotguns in hell From the spliff that I lift and inhale, it ain't hard to tell"
"Caught the batters ball, tagged out the guy running from 1st to 2nd, and then tagged 2nd base, since there was a runner on 2nd and he ran to 3rd."
"How about a hammer, that u can transform into a spike ball made out of blood"
Nope pats by 2.5
... which wouldn't prevent them from claiming just this in their CV.
"Fall out boy, green day, panic at the disco, paramore, y'know the obvious stuff."
Sorry \*cries *uncontrollably*\*.
Did you consider hiring a male escort?
Just fix the roof.
Who better than Kanyon?
I have a 770 and it runs everything fine.
"Yeah, apparently we are not a lot of people to like reasonably sized phones."
"Where has a person who knows him called him selfish, self-serving, and arrogant?"
Gotta love voroni
A majority of this sub doesn't acknowledge mixtapes that came out before 2012
"I think that is a new one with the rare cats, Sapphire and Jeeves?"
"There's another article about an acetone spill I'd kind of like to see less news that is just related to chemistry, and more news about chemistry research."
Rye on the rocks.
Pipkippy special *Gone Houdini*
"Looks like SystemX, given their logo is on the drop forward..."
...can't find his way home :(
"If we are so committed to logic, then no one should be drinking at all..."
I'm not worried then.
"I got the emails for a few months, called to complain about limit/price.. Ended up with faster service at $25ish less per month and a higher ""cap."""
"Hold on.. isn't the definition of ""I hate it"" that something you don't like happens?"
When did I ever say that?
And should not be used in real life because?
I'm holding out for when Bernie gets a square cash account
"I'd go with invisibility and sonar, because you can't see anything if you are invisible."
Not with winston and any at all DB coverage lol
It's almost like when Paris was build up in the late Middle Ages that they had no idea about good map design.
WELL YOU CAN FORGET ABOUT THOSE MODIFICATIONS TO YOUR A2 SCOPE!
"um, only works if the snow depth is measurable in inches, not feet."
Marketing genius.
I plan on making a group picture specifically for the little ones.
Were the frogs poisonous?
the thought of lupul returning to edmonton makes me laugh for some reason
But people amortizing buildings over decades shouldn't get profit for investing their time and money?
As with everything that BBY HR touches.
"I am, hope it's not rude or something"
Goalkeeper mate he said he was fat
"""Get in there you big furry oaf, I don't care what you smell!"""
"Nirvana seeds Northern Lights, or any Northern Lights are usually low smell"
In other words a great white cunt head.
"To be honest this is probably for the best, obviously if they are charged or convicted with crimes people should know however there are plenty of innocent people that have been arrested and then released."
Is she snigle lmao
Logging is the only one.
Due to the fact that he's the only dev working on it and that it is probably a pretty convoluted code because he worked for so long on it I doubt that anyone would step in and continue the project.
Or did you?
Yeahhhhh I would maybe wear a polo over that lol
Wut they fail
I thought you paid for the girls to sit on you?
Jet magazines dont melt steel!
Eeyup.
That's what all the Muslim refugees should do - or GTFO.
Alcohol and stupidity.
i think he was just playing devils advocate
Facebook is what you make of it
I'm trying to figure out how they will play this to their advantage.
(flapping intensifies)
Camelcamelcamel is your friend.
you should install the games first... I just did the same without any problems
Historically speaking when a king or queen of England visits a country that isn't a part of England said country turns English pretty fast.
Would you recommend the WM-F15?
"Why yes, yes they do"
I think we are still decades away from having viable animal models.
"Nah man if he doesn't like it, it's shitty, duh!"
"The KKK is not outlawed by the government, that would be illegal per the first amendment..."
But what about 1?
"Well, I'm never planning on getting married so...I guess I'll never buy a house lol"
"He won't start, most likely Castro will play, he's been pretty good recently."
I'm in the right state but across a few mountain ranges!
BEAST.
Well hopefully we will get one more Brady/Manning game probably will be the last and a AFC Championship game is a hell of a stage for one of the greatest player rivalries to end on.
Makes no sense in my mind.
If you're able to start at step four
Is there a version of this picture with only the characters?
Check using the MIDI device setup
I believe it was upheld as freedom of speech last election here in NH.
I don't get how people don't understand that the laws don't apply to the clintons.
Having friends come over and play with you.
Boil it
His decesions about NASA made me hate him.
It's revenge for football starting at 10 in the morning for them
Your username is really appropriate for this sub.
Wait.. But in all of those last three cases you can see the buttons on the controller.
stream it fam
...what an odd question.
"Knees weak, mom's spaghetti."
"What he does is *markedly* different from what ""seed""-based evangelists and the Church of Scientology do."
"apart from the NSA probably has backdoors on all windows OS's, why only ban 8?"
Your best bet would be an FOI request
Look how fast we got to Hitler in this crisis!
That warmed my heart.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHATS GOING ON BUT I WANT SOME MORE OF IT PLEASE.
I too enjoy the taste of having my toothbrush stored inside a well-used fleshlight.
Gideon could not protect Stein's wife from pound town.
No you don't.
"The beard is supposed to make you seem more manly, but all you are is a bitch"
"Not only that, it simply wouldn't be Europe anymore."
Correct.
"**if/then** If you are going to insult someone, at least do it properly -_-"
"You're being very, very thick if you think that there are no other really offensive social implications to using that word as a pejorative."
*you need to stay up off the streets if you can't take the heat*
"Oh my, that is literally Cancer."
Us in the AFC West have experienced this obnoxious shit for years now
It is if she posts it to her story
Works every time.
You're precious.
"I'v worked at arbys for 2 and a half years now (i'm a crew leader now) and I honestly don't believe I work at arbys, I actually work at a retirement home.."
"By Pulse, you mean High-RoF?"
This cable is being sold on ebay for $5 so I kinda doubt it is an active cable.
People don't want to think their candidate is not perfect.
"Well once the buildings are destroyed, it will make it easier for Soros to inventory and steal their shit, like he's done before."
Yeah if you want to be slapped/kicked in the balls...
lel
I'd love to see a game based on this guy.
You know for pcmr y'all sure are a salty bunch...
They are moving?
"Nah, 8 more after that as Ivanka becomes our first female pres."
That the one about school shootings?
Wat?
"Or just transsexual- No, wait a minute, that's not right..."
If they're comfortable but shouldn't be do you think they will abide by the gas company's warning?
Now I'm imagining him saying that Microsoft is alongside with NASA and BOM to falsify climate change by making all excel graphs increasing over time.
"Well, he's not wrong."
"""they"" did"
I've described men as that more than I have women.
There was a Russian wolf who would eat me if I didn't behave.
Lourlo's laugh at the end makes it for me
You should have stood up and told him that for a Christian he wasn't acting very Christ-like.
Balls is Diamond 2
"I usually have 100-150 ping, and I get melted like never before."
I misread the headline and thought that they added a module to protect Candy Crush.
But it's them kooky Scientologists with them invader forces on Mars and Venus who are the REAL crazies here!
*wonders of they sell Fossil watches as well...*
It's time for an intervention!
"Yep, one of you has a bullet and in the end whitey takes it from him!"
"As opposed to a worldly, well traveled person like yourself?"
"Dude, if you wanted all my upvotes, you could have just asked."
Even in a scrim thats a pretty bad choke from OG.
From..?
"I could handle seconds and thirds... Bring your ""A"" game!"
The terra is firma.
Kevin Nash
"Unless they win the fight, then you lost."
"Just to clear things up, are the games for PS3 or PS4?"
Was the pelvis x-ray done supine?
Good luck with that.
"I don't know about you, but I prefer my women to only have two breasts, not 18+."
tl;dr they are investing in scifi nano robots that we see in some movies that fix us at a cellular level.
"So we can call off the panic at losing religion in the West, since there are ways to compensate for any problems that might occur?"
A douching accident?
"Because they lack self-awareness and, much like small children and animals, they act purely on impulse."
civilization is up there in the very first paragraph.
"I bought a shirt and a hoodie, so pumped."
No score!
not like your ever going to see internet explorer for more than a few seconds.
"I live in Saudi Arabia, ma tzakerne"
"Bro, the man murders us."
"I heard the Titan Z was just like sausage too, but you have to put it in water first to activate the sausage flavor crystals."
Curls and pushups probably
"""I may be synthetic but I'm not stupid."""
You mean 268 Lone Star drops?
Big red maybe?
"Weirdly enough, I think it would also help with spoken language skills, since most basic programming is about describing what you want in very precise language."
Superbowl is over now... can I has?
"She should resign her seat and have a by-election, to allow the people who voted Fine Gael and got her, to have a representative from the party they wanted."
What the hell I didnt know they didnt this blows
"That was definitely an ad, mate."
Say it ain't so.
Anybody test HE rounds to see if they cause spalling?
"No kidding, plus with it you can do a vault suit or some kind of Wastelander outfit."
The facebook group might have a bit more activity.
Did you use a light table?
Why doesn't this shady unkill retire?
Just use the freaking underhand free throw!
"Do you have ""looking for everyone"" selected?"
"No, but I'm not the one bitching about people not doing anything to stop them."
Where's the DLC cars?
RIP
nice try karmanaut
Ohio is a single-party consent state.
"Wait, are you saying it wasn't plucked out of a shit post on this subreddit?"
"If you want it to be a natural, light color you might consider hard maple."
"I know that I'm in this sub, but I still feel bad for the cat and want to pet it so it's happy :'("
Corrine's the only person that can get away with being stereotypically girl-homophobic.
Don't forget Anthony Fasano
Wouldn't it be nice if this clarity of thought was present when it was decided to run off an entire tribe.
The fielder doesn't have to touch the ball for an error to be scored
This picture gave me wood.
"Well, at least he wasn't fearing the sack."
Mongols!
Mmm ;)
That would not encourage people to utilize the latest update.... Kinda defeats the purpose.
"Yeah, I'm an elitist because I don't pay to play with people far worse than me."
Getting flashbacks from wolfenstien: the new order right now.
"Its Toronto Sun, this is his Magnum Opus."
"What if it was supposed to be""LOL?"""
"My brother had this toy that had a camera flash bulb in it, and he somehow discovered that if he set it off near the old radio in the garage it would make weird sci fi noises."
"I read that as ""asking a girl to do porn."""
No sorry!
"Skinny is my favorite from him, with garbage and paid programming after"
Let's hope the broncos play the same way they played today.
"No, you can't really equate a tobacco tax and a poll tax, though..."
they probably need to upgrade it anyways.
xD Very good point.
I mean he kinds is/was Peter Parker.
"The women must obtain written permission first (I'm not married yet, so I have to check with my father before sharing a laugh initiated by my boyfriend)."
Oh I didn't know it was beta... Strange after these 3 years of using it and 2 version changes...
How does this look any better than answering such a simple question?
"Right, but they won't let any other repair place check if it's possible."
I fundamentally agree!
Disclaimer: Valve is a hacker friendly company.
What a dishonest coward
I've seen enough in the GDTs of people writing off the entire game once the Jays are down early.
Pretty sure this is pasta
Title is perfect she is square like a refrigerator
This would not be a high-speed rail option.
For a day the next day the queen put out a death warrant.
What about the woman?
Only Depends on if you have great RB's because Ingram/ fred Jackson would be a great RB2 Personally I'd do it.
Ain't no one gonna filibuster for a retard.
"just a synonym for pikey, knacker , scumbag, hooligan"
khushi se bolo...
"Communism cannot be maintained absent a monopoly on force, as humans will always find it preferable to organize themselves into hierarchical relationships."
What do you mean by pushing it backwards?
"If they were really clever they'd buy H shares vs A shares, bring in the spread and make it look like foreigners had confidence in chinese stocks."
they shook
"Well, I see the vacuum is out, so maybe OP was about to clean that up."
....or loaded like a Saudi prince.
A little bit.
This should be way higher up.
Good read ... Apart from the Cuban guys I never understood why Olympic medalists sometimes don't turn pro ... Learn something new everyday ... Thanks OP
I like Dreadlock.
Can your gateway be put in bridge mode....your doublenatting which is causing the issue with the router.
I'm in the army so 24/7 I guess
"Except it's exactly the opposite, fat people burn more energy."
I wonder what the weather is like up there...
Good Hatred sounds like a TV show with vampire school girls.
Hopefully one of the ISPs steps up and offers more data.
Hameron*
"Well, yeah, but those are already in the Player's Handbook under the normal list of things for people to buy."
"According to their agenda, if you upvote someone who supports Assange, then that makes you a terrorist too."
But who would want to waste ubb on phase three when you need it the most
yep
The original arcade game and Super Punch-Out on the SNES had KO punches.
Or wearing a kippah/hijab/turban AND being with your SO :U
Happens in red temperature zone for sustained time(Typhoon seems to take damage very quickly for some reason).
"No I got these individually, took me a lot of tries x.x"
"Believe it or not, members of every race die every single day except us white people, of course, we're immortal like the elves in Lord of The Rings"
"Maybe they should read the bible, how fucking stupid can these guys be?"
Definitely type slower until I turn off my brain.
I perfectly recall it names Monsters University
"Seriously, though, how many did you think there had been?"
I push my 14 month old around the shower floor like a hockey puck.
I meant upvoting the post that already exists............
"I agree that this ability should be there, legally, but in my opinion it has little to do with influencing a people's image of civility."
RIP -500k/h from QBD
I use it as a modifier in Photoshop quite a bit.
oh fucking Christ that looks amazing...
Kaio-what?
Lol well it turned out to be pretty much the right quote so all is forgiven
thank you!
That doesn't look like a man who concerns himself with women to be honest.
I had to email customer service to figure it out.... Glad to see that I'm not the only one who thought it's overly difficult to find where to buy a phone.
"Depending on how Ragan does in the 55, I think he could take it over full-time, while Moffitt could end up in a third MWR car, assuming he manages to get sponsorship as well."
"Who you calling a narc, narc"
I know how magnets work and I still think Magneto's a wizard.
"It might be my Internet provider, but I definitely watched it on Netflix"
Recipes I could stand behind for sure
Even in 1970 most of those things listed would have been fallacious.
"I get that you said that, but what about the other things I said in that comment?"
If someone infringed on Microsoft copyright in the kernel and they threatened a lawsuit to bring the bad guys into compliance we'd probably all be quite pleased.
"In Soviet Russia, Yes Emotes YOU!"
"Like anyone ever reads those ... Download, Accept, Next, Install, Whine about Privacy, in that order."
Billy Badass?
"You could say, they trolled you."
TIL law abiding citizens are terrorists.
Would be nice if someone made a chart showing the mass shootings in each state
"Yea, it's true that they are less threatening than others, but they are no where near silent currently, they are on everyone's radar."
Most people like BJ's.
If you've ever had night seizures there is still question.
Wow never thought this would happen in ark...
Exactly 4 days ago.
"He doesn't mind Chick-fil-a but prefers McDonalds and Wendy's ""chicken"" to Chick-fil-a's real chicken."
She reminds me of that hot night elf face on warcraft3 boxes
physical copies have DRM too
"followed by useless comment, likewise"
"You can very much teach science without debunking that basic pillars of religion, lots of scientists are Christian/Muslim/Jewish etc without denouncing their beliefs."
"If my house was built the way an NBA practice facility was, I'd be so happy."
Trap game confirmed
I deliberately ignore their attempts to bait me.
Last weeks episode was on YouTube the next day.
"I didn't even know who was in the faction, just saw the vocal minority."
It's almost like there also wouldn't be any evidence *if it didn't happen*
Why did you guys stop?
Give this gold
How are you not murdered?
"""They did it to ruin battlefield"" ""By putting black people in it?"""
I wouldn't expect a huge increase in fidelity
But the SUV that caused this is still there though.
Santa maria!
So install silencer O rings to stop the noise when they bottom out.
Kentrell Brothers not making all American would be a crime.
as a Democrat this is the saddest and weirdest end to an election I can imagine
"Not if he goes to a meme show, and just uses the loopholes there."
"no surprises here, business as usual."
Achievement Unlocked: When all you have is a hammer...
"After having my AC units shelved for the last 8 months testing version after version that was supposed to address the Radius issue, I unfortunately do not have much faith."
Eh Chupacabra
Wow that lasted a long time.
Wasted youth.
"Villareal and Jamieson IV might be getting more minutes this year is Zardes doesnt step it up, Bruce isn't playing favorites, hes looking to win."
Hit the fire button now in case you want to vape in an hour.
Top/vers
"At buffets, I just take extra rounds."
Well that's Diamond for you.
"It's 5 AM here, can't really find a raid now, and I had time for it at this moment so... But yeah, later on today I'll update it."
World of Warcraft.... Since 2004...
"Not a lot of random gun violence there, which is more in line with what she said and not this nonsense Breitbart headline."
"Emulation isn't necessarily piracy, though most people that use emulators are pirating"
"Nothing to do with being safe, unless of course, you like to breath air."
Trust this guy
Quote the Quran where it commands you to kill innocent people
"Well they both have boring and shitty combat, so it was a good comparison to make."
"""I mean, when it comes down to it, you have to put the blame on the leaders of this football team and Geno has got to do better."""
I might have to rethink how I set my limits...
"Do the Netherlands get violent storms on the same level of hurricanes, though?"
"Yeah, I call that video ""The Culling"" because of how many people I got to remove because of it!"
"When fascists get power, they don't like to give it back."
"Just dug it up and the three that are approved for acne are Diane 35, Yaz, and Ortho Tri Cyclen."
I can't *not* laugh
How so very polite we have become.
"Ah yeah, to OP, the chest doesn't count since I am using Bringer of Rain, I just put it on to hold my conc effect gem and to put MTX on."
"I don't know why people are talking about it being a great time to visit, rather a great time to invest your dollars in pounds, and buy dollars back later once the pound has rebounded."
Will we have enough sharks to kill and skin?
The hair and the overall posture and figure of the person.
The effect would be the same if they fired enough people so that they only needed to hire a few to make quota: a higher percentage of green police officers.
For both examples a loop (or nested loops) seems to make more sense to me.
"Probably not very many places, considering it's a floor."
Oh my heart :(
"""We'll take it out, when you reign in NK"""
I stopped watching at the end of season one when it was apparent that the book ending wasn't happening.
Perspective
Ryan's offense works when he has a good runningback.
"Think of the cleanup job, arrggg so gross"
Super delegates and basicly other problems with the primary system.
"Open, she'll be in front of the station."
Message the redditor directly rather than hauling the gossip and intrigue from some other sub into this one.
Timing mistakes?
Spaff!
You look amazing!
wtf is going on here?
Post less.
MIKE JONES!
1 3 1 2
[citation needed]
*Two fur
"Better find Jesse and get to cookin', Dry."
Looks like she ripped it off her mattress and just turned herself into a blanket burrito
stardew thanks
Degrees are more representative of how much money your parents make than anything else.
Or on Nuuvem for $5.31.
"It's a dirty job, but someones gatta do it."
"Oh i know we had chickens when i was younger before we moved to town and had to get rid of them but now my aunt has them i get fresh eggs from her, she shoves like 3 cartons at me some weeks its like o.o i'm making a lot of egg stuff this week"
as someone who is generally hot natured naturally that is perfectly fine :p
Someone was listening to NPR today!
Gorilla mindset....?
I am not knowledgeable enough to answer this.
Nice side step.
I think we both can agree that battery technology has a long way to go.
Giuliani: I would have to be a moron Couldn't agree more
And where is Python 3 going ?
Thanks!
It's enough to feed you for a day while your parents worry.
not when the community outrage is on this scale remember cs:go wild west?
"This happened to me too but I squeeze medium out of my potato and get average frames, pretty bad for GF though, I miss my PC :("
"Because the cooler you can get a CCD, the less noise you get, and this goes double for a small CCD"
Standard or PPR?
Indeed...
It's not creepy if she is still warm!
"I'm working on a pretty tight budget here, my most expensive player ever has been Marco Reus"
"THERE ARE HITS, AND THEN THERE ARE HITS."
If there's a god this will happen.
"Naw, they'll just remove it 14 hours before the patch goes live."
I meant incase it starts looping haha
You get no benefit do you 4/3 is normal stats for 3 drops
Bitcoin is not fiat.
Depression in a nutshell
"Don't worry DK, I'll snag him for us a couple times this season."
"Thanks for the clarification, do you happen to know what causes the difference between your results and Kukui's?"
"Isn't it true that there was a huge outcry about redefining beer as alcoholic, rather than ""food""?"
My warning still stands.
Actually you know what point taken.
Please Clabo come to Dallas...please.
Let's take a moment to think about just how good a match between Luke Harper &amp; Randy Orton is going to be.
Looks like one hand and one foot.
"My bad, I have to downvote myself :("
I feel it really shows that we have zero confidence in Oviedo.
what happened to the upvote balloons?
"Not sure, but nice catch either way"
HE SAID NOBODY UNDERSTAND HOW MEMES WORK ANY LONGER.
Amazing they still think bernie is a 'political revolution'.
This is starting to become Starcraft.
#D A N K #A #N #K
If you win I'll definitely look into it though!
I see you watched the first episode.
that'd be super embarrassing :(
You should send out your resume now.
Every fanbase has a few of those
Alone In The Dark
I don't gotta do anything.
Would've loved it if the RBB unfurled the last Tifo of the season displaying something to that effect
It's got what it takes... so tell me why can't this be love?
Ricotta cheese has good macros.
"It's not probably true, it absolutely is true."
Now we need to get rid of him and direct the funds elsewhere.
*A* hate sub has been banned.
"""See that's the kind of play where you're not on the same page defensively"" I saw as a ""get out of the way of the freight train coming down the paint known as Rodney Hood"""
*Maybe* TM revolution or Fear and loathing in las vegas.
"Actually, most admit it ironically due to Dave's love of irony."
"Foster, Forte, and then BB Jedi mind tricks Calvin into unretiring to get a ring!"
27 with hardline m8 you weren't completely wrong
Was it made as a vector?
"According to my calculations, if you had a flux capacitor installed you could travel back to the future."
That's a nice way to say it.
I would gladly get myself sent to jail after hearing that.
"200% homo, 10/10 would bang your hair."
"You know you are on to something, or doing something correct when religions start calling for your head."
How many times this year alone will I have to delete my Facebook account in protest?
Ninth time's a charm
The heck does all this have to do with the subject of the thread?
Yepp
So far i have really quite enjoyed the content they have put out (Particularly the Late Night Big Breakfast; and Like Mike)
Who is that supposed to be between Hulk and Loki?
Because there's a point to being proud of your language and using it well.
what about that sam guy.. lol dont even know his name
"Not sure, should I add a disclaimer?"
Palo Alto's Rinconada pool is great for toddlers.
"""Fuck spez"" Lol, the_Donald mods are so edgy!"
"no, but i learned something other than stacking pens and paper so i dont have to clean up shit, since i was most certainly more skilled than those pen and paper stackers, i would not have lowered myself to clean up someone elses shit lol."
Unfortunately no country on earth has weaponized space yet so we won't be seeing that any time soon :c
"Apparently it all happened in less than 2 minutes, there was a police van on the scene and some other officers were just arriving, so there was not enough time for an elite squad to be deployed."
"Well, not anymore asshole!"
Seriously James Harden stay away!
"When i make the sauce, then hell yeah!"
Don't forget about DEQ
This is like Obama supporting a Kim Kardashian presidency.
"At least Manaan was pretty, and Goto's ship was terrible, my last playthrough (probably around number 30) I still got lost on his ship..."
Mostly Boos
Don't use DX12 on nvidia hardware
"If you were the President and First Lady, you might"
DAMNIT OP MARK YOUR NSFW GIFS
"Depending on where OP lives, that would show the neighbors how rugged he is in January."
I am a democracy now And you are still a dictatorship
"Well he was found guilty, how much worse could the PBA lawyers be?"
r/russiangirls
"I think it's because in very large threads, finding your place *within* the thread is difficult"
"I will, just not on the 13th of May"
"Aww :( I like it and I'm almost 100% certain this animal is less likely to bite you than Trump's ""hair"""
"Let's not get too outlandish, now."
"The Virgin Mary, before she was pregnant."
I hope you replied with this.
We've already got two right ring parties...
For conservatives*
O No
Crumbs
The official car of Tonka-Toy door handles and drug cubbies in the dash.
A monitor silly
Al Gore
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, that sounds great - I really wanted to know if they appeared in any other DC stuff, plus I still don't get how Death of the Endless ties into Nekron and Black Racer and stuff."
You can draw cats and you can draw them beautifully!
Love that movie.
rip
Circlejerk post.
"The woman has no claims, she remembers nothing."
"Ah yes, the rock where we raped the savages of this country."
"Frankly almost all comics that are big enough to be getting a movie deal are going to be ancient, and just because characters were written a certain way 10, 20 or 50 years ago doesn't mean that they shouldn't be updated to suit what is both necessary, missing and good for a modern audience and storyline."
Solo Mord can actually use his w now
As opposed to the Arab talks of genocide and talking trees?
Nah it stands for Lower Alabama
"Which then begs the question of whether APY kids are taught home ec or not and if they're not, how they're getting around that provision in the APY lands (because I'm pretty sure baking bread would be one of the basics)"
And now you can't stop memeing
And neither did these guys...
For $500 I'd rather go with a sure-thing.
Man I'm glad GPU's look like they do today
"Not to kill your vibe stud, but I'd reckon this is a post more suited for dirty r4r."
So... when are we legalizing polygamy?
If you have a decisive army lead a single Pylon shouldn't really matter.
That kid needs to learn how to punch an adult in the cooter/balls
"klaatu, baratta.... *cough*necktie."
they bang each other
"I have a pair of sweatpants from target that work and I'm similar to his size (though my waist is larger), I think it's their store brand and XL, I'll check on that later for you."
"aye, some looting and pillaging reflexes might have stuck with me"
"Well sure, but not bad enough to last until 1992..."
"If this is the height of -phobia (a ""debacle,"" no less) that you experience you are a truly privileged person indeed."
"""try saving"" - I think you mean ALWAYS save as .png"
There are key binds specifically for launching heat sinks and deploying SCBs
hothothothothothothothothothothothothothothothothtoht hot.
I imagine they are small marks and if you weren't looking for them wouldn't see them.
GWG: OEL B1: Downie B2: Perron B3: Hornqvist B4: Sure
The scary thing is they only need to succeed once while we need to win every time... :|
Vera Wang Embrace rose buds and vanilla.
"You know, I love the stilts - but the carnival gig is more conpetitive than you might think!"
oh god what if it is a girl wtf im freaking out
Why does he have eyelashes?
I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR THIS
Well what is it?
Ta 400 NOW!
Same could have been said for all heroes at release.
Some of em do.
Wife died + 3 days - 10 years.
Lol
It's pretty easy but the initial investment can be pretty big.
Is it possible to preload on PS4?
bitch I know several people with bipolar and this is clearly a manic episode
"I dunno, he could be from the future and put that there so when he DOES get gold he doesn't have to bother."
Not really a hack when its intended.. they even said it was an easter egg
Harden or Lillard
Or my shitty 60GB monthly cap :/
Step 14: turn the water one degree hotter!
"Yes, that would be fine."
"But remember, there is NO inflation going on."
a chair museum?
"Ain't like eu got trashtalk since the begining of the s5 until MSI, oh wait"
Nah we just get the landlord divorced so his cool wife will allow the tenants to have dogs.
At least as far back as the 1930s it has been.
"Nice try, Satan!"
Because that site totally isn't just a reskin of OzGameShop...
I'd rather buy it from a regulated source.
"Girl is from Pakistan, talks about Arab world, cycles in Germany."
I assume this was in reaction to the leak?
Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when there's extra players over
"please be finger's boat, please be finger's boat.. please.. [yes I know it has already been identified]"
Those legs took forever to load.
"If they're actually held accountable, yes?"
"Check if power management mode in nvidia control panel is set to ""prefer maximum performance"", and change it to optimal or adaptive."
Well...they aren't wrong...
"This doesn't look anything like a black lives matter rally though, just a bunch of violent individuals."
He get A. The teacher got a D.
"The cloths stay in my glasses case, which i keep in my purse if i am wearing glasses that day."
"If you think a web developer could get away with that, then you're being paranoid."
I used a Ford Focus RS
There's plenty of gay porn on the internet.
I'm ready for little more Pancho's Mexican Buffet!
81
"Technically whichever has more alcohol in it should, because alcohol is a diuretic."
"""He's absolutely right."""
Y. Pliss to eli15
it is like a wave it is ebbs and flows i accepted it as a part of me
Maybe she was actually going through a nazi phase?
With extra mystery meat.
"I would say I see some form of a pre-fight (yelling, arguing) or fight every time I accidentally walk down Clark street on a weekend night."
92.5 and Damnit Maurie was interviewing from Pride right at the end of the BLM demonstration
4Tastic4uious
need before pic for comparison
A total badass.
And btw I can't wait the final after even thread to just make sure that we did understand how proud you are
eliminating a 1% chance of millions of deaths isn't a good enough reason?
I wish apple TV would have an app to view it but alas nothing.
"Still offensive, 4/10."
Right here.
I think it's all about setting yourself up for a niche market with tinder.
"They can't for the same reason that the police couldn't guard the businesses to the degree that those, who were bashing them just a few days ago, wanted them to: massacres would result giving the media a goldmine as dead and wounded bodies laid in a collective pool of their own blood."
"They at least acknowledged that one, that was an example of ""scrub-on-scrub crime"" that was too good not to post."
"It's a good thought, but these appear in areas without sewer lines - and we are almost exclusively above-ground with respect to other utilities."
I mean not that age really mattered before.
Satan The Ancient Human Prince
They met in *Crimson Horror* first though.
"That's strange then, as there's now 2 more comments counted than are actually readable, not sure what's going on there"
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your crust?
"So you've beaten.... Asylum demon Taurus demon Gargoyles Capra Demon Gaping dragon Stray demon Quelaag Sif Moonlight butterfly Iron golem Priscilla O&amp;S Gwyndolin 4kings Pinwheel Nito Ceaseless Demon Firesage Centipede demon Bed of chaos Seath Sanctuary Guardian Artorias Manus Kalameet Gwyn Wow there are a lot of bosses, 26 in fact... Good job!"
"I looooved that they gave him a send off at least and it was pretty epic, especially for a web short."
Think of all the time he saves.
Text is hard to read but good effort
Every teacher's dream.
"Oh I get you, yeah I know I shoulda done the cut off point a bit higher I think but it was my first gif in this style."
Fuck borders
Alice Lloyd is a classy lady
Actually I'm more willing to roll the dice and shake shit up than accept more of the same.
Birds of a feather...
I'd rather put all four tires in the bed of his truck.
This makes less sense than your username.
"Not only open, but deliberately baited."
"Well, I got it and I definitely have not purchased the new expansion pack for WoW..."
0/10 not even close to being organic
"The bad is magnified more than the good, for Uggla, by the fans"
Why are you swimming around in what you perceive to be diarrhea?
There are no keys so subscribing to streamers wont help.
I was conceived on that date.
"Shame that he can't crawl, though....."
Was Eastern Illinois where you would go for a QB?
does this look vaguely like springfield elementary to anyone else?
"Then the blame is on Hill and Giler, then, not Scott."
"More important than it being impossible to disprove, for a religion or god to become popular, it only needs to make its followers feel special."
"Playing Jesus' advocate here... The nature is good because God has it, and any cognitive dissonance you encounter (e.g., finding his character repulsive) is just a result of your sinful nature clouding your understanding of what morality really is."
How so?
How so?
dae stem?
Well that was unexpected...
You can shape them yourself ya know:p
"me too its so weird, can i fix it, like get rid of them :) everyone has different amounts of nipple sensitivity too, I have no boobs but my nipples are definitely more sensitive than the surrounding tissue, also hurt like hell when i stretch my chest."
Looks like the best game since Stoked.
"I do care, that's why I'm not stupid enough to demand unachievable timelines."
Wish the city would go back to normal after X amount of ingame days.
"2, 3, 1"
And this is why most fantasy civilisations stagnate in the quasi-medieval stage.
The panel realized they needed someone that could be taken seriously.
"Unless it's Tom Petty, his live songs are well done!"
"So, you can't prove what you're saying?"
I believe many of them have won at mental gymnastics!
Yeeeeeee
"Tits, or it didn't happen."
Sully had too much jelly his foot couldn't take it
Likely?
Is that policy to reduce trolling?
and what about the grassy knoll?
"I think Ontario actually means Ontario, California."
Have you used pspice before
where's Power Of The Dollar?
or at least attach a flesh light to it
Most useless award of the year lol
"From what I understand he decommitted in order to visit Michigan, since Oregon doesn't allow commits to visit other schools, so it might be temporary... Let's hope."
Are you asking if the pullups can be done with your palms facing towards you or away from you?
Roses are red Violets are blue There's always an Asian That's better than you
No one remembers Nathan For You anymore
"Living in the Bible Belt here, I live in one of the ""Highest"" areas in North Carolina for human development."
good luck with that Egypt
"Well to be fair, they planned on Daniel Bryan elevating the IC title and defending often on Smackdown but that kind of hit a snag."
Nope :P
please.. don't use glass tables.. PLEASE.
So we'd find plenty of dumbasses.
They lowered the drinking age?
"pffh, but did you know Rick Moranis hasn't starred in a movie since 1997?"
that felt a lot longer than 22 seconds
We are talking about the best meaning accolades I believe?
Twangie boy sounds homosexual.
"""The best car literal literal literal period."""
They didnt
Helmetlivesmatter
multi map?
"holy shit, if there were ever a sign that Reddit is the new 4chan / digg / shitpit of the internet..."
I would love to see them add Russell to that already porous defense
Htc will replace the screen once for free.
Every position of the Rubik's cube can be solved in 20 moves or less.
But why male models?
Lifting
42
Seems fishy indeed...
"Whelp, you get what you pay for, I suppose."
But not this one.
Yeah if you could not use a tragedy to push your politics that would great
"This thread has made me want to DL the .pdfs and then reread them all, and read the ""new"" ones that came out after 2000, as well."
2023
FF iii (US) auction house?
Could you MS Paint the creatures?
It doesn't have a performance impact if you use different LOD models as you get further away.
"The weight of water jar, compass, and weapon attachment blueprints could all do with a *serious* reduction."
What have we done.
"They're not close to being worth 2 mana, but they're more value per mana crystal compared to other hero powers except that of rogue/warlock maybe."
"Thank you, you too!"
If only.
You are pathetic.
same in many places :)
same
But its sooooooo long!
"""Execute Order 66."""
Will you Ryze?
"I don't know what you're talking about, they marketed the shit out of that movie"
It's ironic that a recorded conversation with a Bush is going to be Trump's ultimate downfall.
NSA gold?
"Also, *No battery allowed in the engine compartment* \- Germany"
Don't forget the irony of John Lennon's Imagine playing in the background...
"False equivalence, Captain Lolbertarian."
Not with that attitude.
Even he would admire that quality bush.
Who?
"Ron Francis, Chuck Kaiton, Paul Coffey"
I'm going to cream if this gets animated.
"the gold hester is pretty handy also, but FB Hester kills... 99 overall KR in september, bought him knowing i wouldn't need to replace him this year"
Dentists and those with Parkinsons
"Come for the memes, stay for the braaaaaaaiiiiiins!"
This.
"if u have to install through itunes, u might as well be side loading, this is no different and i dont think apple will care"
"I love the comments saying ""wow guys, it is just a joke, calm down"" while some of the top rated comments amount to ""...but no really, it is true, men are better at everything."""
"No, it still doesn't do that unfortunately."
We need to invite LA in here to complete the trifecta
FINESSIN FINESSIN I CAN'T GO ONE DAY WITHOUT FINESSING
what time?
"You know they're adjustable, right?"
"I've just been using my nipple, your way sounds less convenient as I don't smoke and eat with my hands."
And it's not because of gun control laws.
"Then tune in at 11, Jesus man."
"Well, the major Islamic leaders don't seem to really be into the whole terrorism thing, whereas the GOP leader is really into the whole racism thing."
"Maybe 2020 because of how great our country gets with Trump, even then doubtful."
Did you also steal a car?
no
Flair checks out!
"Holy tilt-shift, travis."
trickle truth... Don't rely on her for the truth...Use your own methods... She might have deleted all evidence by now though..
"There point of engagement is his offer on the website, he should not have to up his offer because they want more plat when they come to him, they should come with a price"
I bet my step dad 100 bucks plus inflation that Bridge would be in the HoF in 20 years.
Did you catch the wisecrack about how Mo was ringing the Opening Bell but should be ringing the CLOSING bell?
Literally.
This comment is not punk rock
"Thanks, TREBECK."
India : confused.
Lol it must feel pointless on some lower priority calls gathering all that information knowing it will be deleted within half a year
"Oddly we had to find one today, to get an old HP Storageworks 215e out to try and find some really old key in a config from back when we actually did tape backups..."
"So I want to be a college educated catcher who has never managed in the minors, 1/3 ain't too bad"
North american prison is an awful place instead of educating you they punish you even until you get out making it hard to get a job and end up coming back to prison.
"All double standards are based on simplified stereotypes, therefore all bullshit."
"banter gets people pearled, don't risk it devon"
Nobody moves in on a Sunday
Those mountains look rocky to me - don't know what you're on about ;)
I'm glad I wasn't the only one.
Lmao
"""Thank God for Messi"""
"ceasing meat production will always be unrealistic until some alternative comes through, agriculture and animal farms will always go hand in hand."
I'm a special snowflake
Easter is not a Holy Day of Obligation anywhere as it is already always on Sunday.
"Theoretically the system is secret, so stop asking questions."
No he's ours you can't have him.
he's not a bitch tho
it's 225 man not sure if anyone has mentioned this
i shed 3 tears
"Wtf, man."
"#RIP EARS, EVERYTIME RIGHT SIDE BROADCASTING."
Oh shit...I haven't been on that sub at ALL today... I can only imagine...
"Welll, the mail thingy kinda grew out of hand I am also above 40 mails per character now xD"
"So, you were up too facing the left, the side gave way under the left tread, the mini banged the far side of the trench, then rolled to the other side and landed as seen here?"
Argue with people on the internet.
"If you don't mind me asking, what was your average?"
"right, but the car doesn't make it, it's programmed."
"Hi, it's me, your dad"
"There are Kangaroos in Asia, TIL"
Why would you want the control of it then?
"Those are liberal voters though, best to keep them happy and blame inanimate objects."
"Oh, don't worry, they're trying to figure it out behind the scenes **BIG TIME**."
her
"It seems like one of those silly ""stuck in the air, free fall counter still going"" glitches."
Same with this b9 thing
I've been wanting christian bale to do the same.
Yeah which Conor did not deserve a shot at.
Slightly above not very
I would say its good marketing if they managed to sell a pile of crap to someone :P I should rephraase that what I mean is they used words like fast and powerful but all of that is relative.
Because babies.
"Trumps labeling sticks, just look at poor lyin' Ted or little Marco ..."
The Servers are also more lax because damn is the weather here amazing.
"He'd have his pick, but there's also a diminishing amount of females for him to meet that haven't been married or already had kids."
What do you like?
2deep4me
Woosh
Team Fortress 2 1171 hours and counting.
"If the Democratic Party is not like it was thirty years ago it's because people have been voting it in that direction, why would you assume people would vote for someone left of what they have been voting for, especially since the economy is recovering and we have had months and months of job growth with centrism"
pls
That actually looks like a hassle to play with.
Hazard is a forward too.
cry me a river.
"If I had to keep cannabutter in the fridge I'd sooner write ""Science Project"" than gamble with my family's eating habits and weird choices"
Just like someone who occasionally reads comics isn't a true comic nerd.
I added a photo above :)
ffs
To be fair it's usually elementary school math to get the prize.
The fact that you're still alive to tell me this tells me one thing: you're white
Hottest water I can stand in the morning when the sun is beginning to peak through the windows while birds chirp in the background.
"I mean, if TER was quickplay on opponents turn."
I lived 30 minutes outside the DFW area and can confirm.. it was amazingly accurate.
"Same thing happened in Eastern Europe in the 80's, it remains to be seen if this actually comes to anything though..."
*Lo niego* *I deny it* When casting Negate in spanish.
WOOOSHHH mothefucka!
This is just like when you see that sexy chick and your friend calls dibs on it
"Woah, that's one flair... Uhh, care to go in more detail, sounds interesting - mostly because of the funk (is that just the opposite of ""punk"" genres?)"
"You can tell he keeps goal, he falls very well with a nice little roll."
everyone has kinda been mean to him so i can understand why he will be a bit sad.
B there or b square
It's when they're picking out equipment from the arms dealer.
Implying that it hasn't already
Why would they get mad when the child didnt know where the eggs are then?
Now that's funny!
"Not sure what you meant by 'second chamber', but the coin goes in the chamber where the weed collects (usually second) not the keif catcher (usually third)."
"Next time he says that, answer *make me*."
You remind me of Ben Carson who as frontrunner was complaining the media treated him unfairly because of all coverage and scrutiny.
Yes
Every 4 years there is a chance
Right click the fairing bases to re-size them.
Watching that documentary on Palestine and seeing how those walls that Israel built on Palestinian land divided the holy land and divided Palestine from itself is pretty sad too.
26 and I refuse to stop doing it
You could use platinum AS paper!
This is why I come to mfa
Yes please
"Proof, please."
"Unless it's crucial to the scene, like in the first avengers IIRC there were subtitles for this scene with russians."
the Nintendo one not running is correct: I have both a PC and a WiiU since it's a console that remembers that consoles are for when friends come over.
It's up!
Was that designed with TouchID in mind?
"I know that, but he's idea about radiant materials being used for all future raids it's what I was agreeing with."
Thank the old gods and the new that I looked at the comments
"That's a capacitive scanner, and will fall foul to a jelly baby with a fingerprint on it."
"Jupiter Assending, gods help me."
Well if it works for you it doesn't matter what anyone else says :)
Why isn't it worth 15$ an hour?
How do we know he didn't cheat on a test at school and his parents are making him wear this?
"It doesn't prevent them from speaking, but it does limit what they can talk about regarding production and the game."
Sex
....Meanwhile near Mike Tysons house
Can someone ELI5 what's happening here and why people are wearing Guy Fawkes mask?
I think it's hilarious they're crying racism when Amazon Prime isn't available to most of the whitest fucking parts of the United States.
It's like a lot of Redditors think knock-knock jokes actually happen.
Because then you won't see the maximum tanking effect for the Habs.
Whatever that's supposed to mean
I believe that pug to 15 was old info probably beta stuff.
Jeep is trail only anyways.
"Each ""bicep"" maybe."
That would be hilarious to witness.
Nero was trying to learn 'Smoke on the water' as Rome burned...
"I was in Ann Arbor for hash bash and other than confiscating those joints big enough kill a squirrel, they were pretty cool."
"Some of them tried reaching Europe, YPG Afrin issued a statement some time ago warning people to not do that as demographics were changing in favor of non kurds."
There'd be some massive tides if the moon was that close.
"Frankly, all computer speakers are trash"
This lol
Ah the beauty of starcraft
Throwing enderpearls I believe
Media (ABC) has her in blowout mode +12
"Asses to asses, dust to dust."
I have zero confidence that Hillary would do a better job than Trump
the original willy wanka
I told them it was just pictures of astronauts being dicks to each other... xD
Sucks :(
"Yeah, they released the N Zap 85 (basically the NES Zapper) and the Port Mackerel stage."
"nm, u"
He should make it his walk up music if he has any good sense of humor.
Scumbag friend has scumbag friend?
I live in Michigan and go to MSU and I can tell you that the Clinton campaign is VERY active here and around Lansing
Scrubs... Then season 9 happened.
Can we get them via Trade in?
I still have a penchant for the NBA on NBC theme
"Yeah, I was downvoted into negative for saying if he did actually hurt his leg in the fight (kinda looked like he was limping and he was riding on a scooter the next day instead of walking) it would be deserved because of his comment."
Not sure.
"You can thank your ""Jewish"" media for that."
Maybe because it would be hard to be attracted to someone who behaves like a 3 year old.
just stay as far away from any vehicles as possible.
"Tammy Stevenson, and please shut the fuck up."
He got banned for toxic behavior in his ranked games.
R
Im literally driving to work RIGHT NOW
I like to think of our planet as a game of Spore that got really out of hand.
I am going to assume English is not your first language.
That's why Ted Cruz is so frightening.
"Yes, there is a typo in the title, but it is too late now."
"3 vs 2, I see no problem here."
Most of the Indian students that we consider as intelligent are nothing but xerox machines without any practical knowledge.
Opurtunist scum bags.
Is this a relevant comment at this time tho?
The new movie has a line specifically saying that their helmets do not filter out toxins
Porque no los does?
You can add me.
"Problem is where to get it from and how to tell the other interests they can't have it, such as the pension systems."
We shall see...
THIS IS A FORTY-FOUR DOLLAR HAIR CUT
"Hey, you're not OP!"
Inb4 after they announce another limited unit(s) .
why do you not have access to your own bios?
Have fun having no bf.
My mom smokes almost everyday so i always smell it but can't smoke it.
It's the time of the seasons
I am amused that Republicans keep trying to pretend that it isn't their own front runner pushing this noise.
oh rip lol
Do I... do I really need to explain why it's a little more complicated than your wild oversimplification?
"Yeah, I know, he tweeted last night, I'm impressed DEV is up to speed!"
"Sure, but we can say with certainty that it doesn't come from anywhere that isn't part of the CNS."
"post removed, dont question authority"
I made like $30 off trading cards during the beta... those were the days
"I think it gives a bit of extra momentum when throwing the shield, but i could be wrong."
Awww sorry about your cat :( Do you plan on adopting another one?
so his seat will be hot in 2017
make four separate counters and add or remove them
nah he's perfectly good
Almost as much as Odie!
"inb4 ""atheism isn't a religion blargoblarg"" Or like more seriousness stuff."
You are not alone.
"Yeah, when Christian Bale is doing his monologue at the beginning he says they burned the world to a crisp and went into hibernation until it was feeding time again."
That's fantastic!
A Bicycle
Okay I see what you are going for but what is it going to be used for ?
What's wrong with having more options?
"Most judges won't award alimony to men because men are supposed to pull ourselves up by our bootstraps and be independent, but women helpless helpless women... I want to say that i don't think women are helpless but that is both the classical stereotype and one enforced by feminism to maintain their victim status under the unfalsifiable Patriarchy Theory."
wat
Just DM'd you
"Glitches aside, the new EVA system is awesome, hopefully we will stop needing the canned animations to get into some of these ships some day."
aw man :/
Or just having your compressor already hooked up.
"Thanks, that was getting a bit cringey."
"Balkan needs about a dozen of those anti-corruption agencies, per country."
soo nothing?
"I tend to agree, but it depends how that goes in future."
Egypt is an arab nation.
"I have no words to state other than these: ""To anyone against the concept of vaccination: I hope you die of measles."""
I liked the laser show before it started looking dated.
im way to stoned and hungry to be looking at this picture right now
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH
"pero a vo te gustan las flechas con bala en la punta, no?"
Are you a penguin?
It's usually these people who are self centred or thinks their important
as is pdutz's plan
"Can't see how comic, or even movie Thor would have too hard of a time."
"There's this thing called ""the internet"" ..."
"I bet they just open random files and just put extra ""}"" everywhere just to fuck it up."
You keep telling yourself it was an hour and not just a minute buddy ;)
I am not blaming the PC.
"What am I gonna do when I shit, read a shampoo bottle like an animal?"
should be 4k 60fps/1440p 144fps
"Western Maryland is much more southern than Baltimore, I think the reason one would think it is southern is because so much of black culture is southern in origin, and Baltimore is a majority black city."
sounds good.
"The one at the IMAX I go to has a note for the extra butter setting ""warning: may cause bag to leak"""
UN start to clap.
HADES?
VanuLabs already said he's on it.
"You're viewing it on a mobile that probably doesn't have the monospace font required, hence it doesn't look right."
Right when the feeds came on after Jeff highlights for the veto ceremony 11:42 i believe they were talking about it but we didnt actually watch it happen
Yeah random internet dc really is somthing you can control Kippa
"This is probably the main reason I stopped playing, huge design oversight."
He just wants some pic-a-nic baskets boo-boo
How are you supposed to clean the contact points?
"No HDR+, just HDR."
I'm genuinely curious what's implemented to stop me from making more than one account to get all classes at 58 on both factions
"Just because you enjoy doing something doesn't mean you shouldn't be paid for it, and just because someone has money doesn't mean that others necessarily have the right to it."
I think defending intellectual property on a game whose storyline they very clearly ripped off of warhammer 40k is a little amusing...
"No reason, continue using a granite maul for training str like a retard."
Us too here in Perth
I know it's a new series which has its haters but the last race of this season's formula e was a corker.
spoooopy
Some people just pick easy targets rather than focus on the biggest threat.
Make fun of drunk people and dare them to do Jackass-like stunts.
"More ATHer, just hit $10.50 on Coin market cap a few minutes ago..."
Pics or it didn't happen.
You don't even see your own hypocrisy.
"at lvl 90 slayer I can tell you its almost guaranteed to make 1m per task as an average, depending on what you get as task and how you decide to kill them."
BeeFamily 108 :o
Stockholm syndrome recruits
Who of cares
"I'm hoping it turns out the text is poorly phrased, and it actually means 'if your remaining deck contains no more than one copy of any card'."
It's actually pretty good at a lot of things.
"So, video and photographs in the article are fake according to you?"
So NPR is becoming like RT but switched?
Do they even have internet in India
Sarude - Dankstorm
"If this deal included the stadium, it means the club itself is worth about $30 mill seeing as the stadium's cost is worth somewhere between $30 and $40 mill."
"This makes a lot of sense, in light of what's been happening."
Fuck ISIS.
You can only use the no shipping or the take $7 off per bottle.. So I'm gonna roll with the $7 off per bottle.
Yeah that is a nonsense assertion.
Whoa congratulations friend!
"Yeah, but you can't do that for dirt bikes and quads......You actually have to haul those."
OSHA needed another thing to make a video about.
"Those people who tailgate aggressively, cut people off, occupy four seats on the subway with their bags, run red lights on bicycles because the law doesn't apply to them, etc., have to shop somewhere."
"Hmm, I think that's a ""you"" problem."
We have a rulings thread for questions like this.
"Can confirm, extra parties split the vote sadly."
"I actually cleaned my room, I did some laundry, and I took a 3 hour nap that was glorious."
How else can they get viewers...
"Haha, I'm glad my dyscalculia can be useful in some way."
Health insurance
The second press is just for the audible notification.
that would get messy...
Yunga Sterling needs some game time with us.
So long as the music is good?
I'd like to see the numbers from the holidays check stop programs compared to the summer long weekend check stops.
Buy two sell one for full retail.
Mmm-hmm.
Trophy.jpg
**STOP LIKING WHAT I DON'T LIKE**
"Because this place is 98% liberal, nobody upvotes fiscal conservatism."
Turns out you don't
I'm very curious why you're getting down votes.
"Wait, why do we hate him again?"
You two are the reason we keep getting shit movies dumped on us.
I like this idea
What does this front page post have to do with kittens?
"That's beautiful, where is it?"
Hey me too.
That is in no way efficient
"the only problem with that is that the jump is inaccurate for characters with different movespeed, or on slopes."
not anymore coz all the old ones are down like alterIWnet and repz
you end up there after tests are positive anyway ;-)
"He says with little proof, even mossad and the CIA had trouble finding proof."
"The less products on the shelves made by modern slaves, the better."
"It's a waste, the ssd will be bottle necked by the sub, it won't preform much if any better than a hard drive; I'd put it in a computer or a laptop as the boot drive and enjoy windows (or whatever os) starting up in ~5-10 sec (actual time)"
You may want to post this in r/nmsfactions
Avoid Pioneer Square next time you're in town.
Also going out for an RA position in future years will probably cover housing and food.
"Yes, please let us know how we can purchase something like that."
"If you're a guy, why would you want to get a girl's preggers?"
No problem if you have any other questions just let me know.
"I want to go to see Sylence, Audiofreq and Mad Dog as well, but I have no ride and will most likely work on new years eve."
Can this be grounds for impeachment?
Display the scoreboard
Lots of workplace firewalls block out video game related sites and forums.
"good, there is no reason to take people down the way he did it"
"Wow, I was *not* expecting that ratio when she was demonstrating the knob function."
Jan-00
What's a good internet job that a guy can get to recoop some lost hours during this holiday season?
Meet: card simulators.
or 10!
"Seriously, fuselage drag is one of the few things that's pretty easy to minimize and these people are just saying fuck you to that."
I disagree.
Pardon me asking but what game is this?
Because it makes for good song lyrics
"You use the cloak for misdirection, so while it might impede mobility slightly, it greatly reduces your opponent's ability to know where you are or where you're striking, if used correctly."
"What, the curtains?"
I still find it fascinating that the Israeli supporters still point the fingers to the Palestinians for affecting peace process to move forward.
G70 series?
"red team blue team, good cop bad cop..They are 2 sides of the same coin."
"God this is fucking incredible, that last one had me in bits."
Shhh I'm hiding from my responsibilities
#SOLAR SYSTEM
"If you're blindly being assaulted by the NYPD, resisting arrest should not be a felony but your duty to resist!"
09900-64015-85267-90715
"I thought so but I'm just saying, it's 100% fueled by the player."
"ive seen the hype about this game but ive never played a star wars game in my life, so can anyone give me a tldr on what this game is?"
Gib
It's the religion of peace.
Taking the mayhem approach
just go to a store and pick out what you like if it has a giant price tag don't buy it don't always buy ralph lauren everything because then that's how you turn yourself into just impressing the people around you when in reality there's probably clothing better/equal to it for the same price or lower no seriously just look also fyi it's not about the brand it's about the style :D you can either go on streetwear subreddit and dress like you do now or go on the mens fashion advice subreddit and they'll help you better
Yeah i never liked LiveLoveA$AP till i heard it high haha.
Has anybody else noticed the number of pro-Russian users that have shown up in the past month or so?
that'd just be weird
"This works, I don't know why he's being down voted."
There's no dystopian future under capitalism only a dystopian present..
It became a thing last May but only became a possibility once Canelo won the WBC title in November
BKB stops blademail damage.
Possibly varicose veins in his forehead.
He re-signed last year for 5 years.
He knows nothing about pizza.
They're basically pussy-fied black panthers at this point.
Toure for CM and Willian for RW
I don't think you understand how opinions work
"AKA ""dropping mitts on that pussy"""
here
"She's gone, dammit and you can't prax her back"
link?
"That is just extra protein escaping without being fully utilized, I recommend trapping it with your hands and reabsorb it through your nasal cavity."
Shh bby it's ok
"Please, visit this subreddit more often and let your wisdom shine and bring enlightenment upon us mere conservative dummies."
"Not the candidate we need, but the candidate we deserve."
"I just don't see the NFL uploading ""Amari Cooper warming up"" videos like they do with Beckham"
Favorite fan theory- Theon Durden Least favorite fan theory- Sansa is the YMBQ
You're off by about 13 grand.
He is very impressive for an 18 year old.
"Gets Internet karma, duh."
"Damn, I should start using this!"
You just hit a major sore spot
Are you constipated though?
I prefer - Unconditional Basic Standard Income.
"I'll be happy to be able to still get insurance, without the marketplace I can't afford any."
There was a guy on reddit who said sucking friend dick is favor.
"You don't want to run a business on bitcoins, it is way too volatile."
"Mid parts 11, side parts 5!"
yeah but there's a difference (to me at least) in the daughter wanting it done so that SHE can have kids and the mother wanting to do it so SHE can have her daughter's kids...
...not at the expense of ignoring your date....
Sharon's whiter
true but tbf we gotta give credits to Celtic mid fielders they are playing very well.
"# STUCK (I agree though, it needs to be more noticeable)"
"Oh ok i actually knowed what they were, but i was thinking to something in game"
Unmodified by x2 and Premium?
"You are forgetting how Picolo went toe to toe with android 17, at the time he was the strongest one of the z-fighters (excluding trunks and vegeta in the time chamber)."
ITT: People assume this was for Nicole and not Britney.
Stealing
Take your own advice and don't post this shit on reddit.
OH WHAT SUPERSTITION MY GOODNESS
"You mean, like the person mentioned in the article?"
We'll trade Victor Cruz for some picks.
Finding one that's unmodded is the real challenge.
"I might be wrong, but I used to have a Thaumic Scoop with Silk Touch (enchanted it like you do with vanilla shears) back in the days of 1.6.4 and that did the trick."
You really should stop aging your child by months once they pass the 2 year mark
Moyes was the king's fool in this scenario
"Used market is useless in my country, people only sell gt series and low end cards"
"Thanks, I have added it."
He sounds like Kermit the Frog.
It's a big city.
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"Our ""taxes"" go to unregulated insurance companies and we dont even get much in return except the highest pharmaceutical costs in the world"
Was just an IG comment to Fergie.
Oh sorry I'll have to look out for her
CHOPSTICKS FOR CHEETOS I DIDN'T KNOW OTHERS DID THIS
"It's completely fair, sex is a basic human need and a huge part of most relationships especially at that age."
"ITT: Everyone is insecure in social settings, you're not the only one like that."
"This is the same stuff Hitler used on the Jews, no one has survived it yet... I'll see you in hell, you fucking bastard."
"Holy shit, I've never not been a rapist :/"
#BringBackEricStein
"Oh don't worry about it, you're just another customer."
"It's okay, normality restored, he's on his ass again."
I feel like this arguement will have zero winners
One of the few places you can get if you want to be that close to the shark signs.
Holy shit toomeirlformeirltoorealirlforme
Hot dogs.
Co poisoning
Summer break as a child.
Arnold Schwarzenegger: arnoldschnitzel
Nope
"RIP larry, gone but never forgotten (for the rest of the week)"
Well that's convenient.
Me too and listen to game chat
"It happens, I usually wouldnt want to risk taking that long to line up a molly"
Maybe this finally makes people realize why movements like PEGIDA are so desperatley needed.
Enjoying 2nd?
Not yet.
"If anybody is serious about this, I do graphical design part time and could help, maybe."
Do you cover your genitals?
rip next expansions hype no expansion can be hyped without that voice.
"It was pretty bad during the GFC, but when we finally have a real recession it will be a shitstorm."
Someone queue the McGuire's Irish Pub bathroom signs.
"Aye, and preferably that isn't potato quality..."
Error code: CE-36329-3
"Pair pe kulhadi maroge, woh bhi baar baar.... toh tereko rokega kaun?"
or like... sonic wave from resonating strike?
"Well, worst case scenario, he marries her and tries and gets too physical with her... I don't see it ending well for him."
Bros before hos
"Yeah, and Bangalore has been very batting friendly for a long time now."
In what world is 66% an 100% chance?
"Why is Europa Universalis 3 under ""Industrial Age"" over the renaissance?"
"I think he must know, his disappearance was needed for the plot's sake."
"Yes, but why have you in the playoff at all then?"
He may have also wanted to die.
"The faster you go, the less you need to move."
But he'll have to play farming simulator for 4 hours...
The Dictator
"I'd say Mike Patton is a legend, especially in the ""mainstream underground""."
"I'm not your friend, buddy!"
Why didn't you stop him during the moulding stage?
"God forbid that a business provides opportunities for those in difficult situations to make a living, instead of harming their community by resorting to criminal acts in order to survive."
Yes and the economy is doing fine in those places if not better
I assume when you've won 1 of 11 Championship matches you tend to not care.
Implying that CFA volunteers do nearly half as much as UFU firefighters who are near constantly on staff
"Not entirely sure sure if this is what you mean, but I like Into the night by Santana and Chad Krieger."
NSFW (m)
But how much beer did you guzzle?
"You're essentially like... the real Kakashi Hatake, but as Deadpool."
Smuckers
Luck pulls an Orlovsky in memory :'(
To bad I always lose them
"It's missing one of of our starters idk why but, yea not too pretty."
"I love that I can hear her voice, mmmmm sexy sexy Kristen Schaal"
why?
shut up cracka
"You and me both, brother."
"Why add something that's already i the game, just have faith with rngesus"
I'm actually fine with mine.
"Ubaldo Jimenez, I want to hit dongs."
"Kelly's clothes look very Rainbow to me, like mass produced trendy stuff a young girl would wear once."
I guess since she will make more money than he or his family will make combined it's safe to say money cannot buy class.
Along with Serge Ibaka that's two people Stephen Jackson said he would fight and won't actually fight.
"I know it is really big map, and there still skellige."
Maybe Aiden has Glaucoma
"If it were easy, you'd be a waste of resources."
"Mental children are still children, right?"
"Just curious, have you been gaining /losing weight during this time?"
CLG needs to get shit on by the community to play well haha.
I would have gotten arrested before being kicked out of my own home.
"I don't get it, where does it say pixels?"
"Keep being yourself, don't ""change"" when I come"
Did Obama and Kerry lecture them about time running out?
Godammit Jeff!
A secondary vote?
What is the general consensus among the people?
Literally the only resemblance this guy has to Walcott is that he's black.
Butter is the best butter imo
"I can't come out of the closet, the closets locked"
What about vehicle sensitivity and mouse DPI?
Obamacare is the same as Romneycare.
I could say the same thing about you.
That's pretty fucked up.
"Oh come on dude, im not gonne be wearing my eyepro in the staging area for a picture :P"
its like a big combination of forums that you can pick which ones interest you and you only see those.
Uh unless that person is a professional artist and those 50-100 hours could be spent working for someone who's paying them..
ad TF's Q is finally useful
"Sweet, another Persona and MH fan!"
"ideally we'd circle back to when employees were knowledgeable about their products, they could assist people in making the best choices, instead of just being mindless human drones swiping upc codes past a scanner, taking money and giving change"
I just threw up in my mouth a little.
Blazing also works
"this could be hard for networks such as Fullscreen and their channeles like funhause and H2O, which none of them put disclosure in their videos and most of them are paid promotions."
The guy and his bio are hilarious... someone's gonna tell me that's real old...
UNLIMITED COAL FOR EVERYONE.
He looks like emperor Palpatine.
"66k Interwebs 'cable', seriously I never use them and I have no idea what to do with a 5,6M/bit Downloadrate"
"The people who are downvoting you obviously have no clue about Keynesian economics, or any 20th century economics for that matter."
Prisoners of love Blue skies above Can't keep our hearts in jail!
Here's a pic of my 130lbs body to hold u while im gone
"I was going to say no, but a quick Gatherer search revealed [[Triad of Fates]], which happily is in our colours."
Hi dad?
Nice :)~
This is true....
Ultros just took a good big ol' crap
"Seems like a great deal honestly: get to learn a new language, get to know the professor better, pass the class."
"Use of anecdotal evidence aside, I'm using tourneys as a basis, not blind-pick norms."
"I'm still hoping for him to try out Metro 2033/Last Light, because of the story aspect he could bring to it like he did with Dishonored."
"Thanks, I'll give that a try."
Fight the power fam
"Well, quit crying about the world's injustices at your computer and do something about it."
"I used to play Call of Duty World at War on a Christian server, mostly because you could get the admins to start proselytizing, which made them easy targets."
Haven't had the game client crash with ACT but I've had ACT crashing if I've got the Overlay plugin enabled after the latest update to the FFXIV plugin
"""Hope it's not too forward"" It's always too forward."
Also ninjas...I hate ninjas.
Leto package on helium 7
You're welcome
"Uganda, Russia, Iran... I'm gay."
I coughed so hard that boiling liquid steel erupted out of me in burning torrents of doom.
omg someone didn't like clannad I guess I think it's bad now.
"True, he probably does considering he's having trouble getting out of Masters."
"""Thanks to our innovative policies the Harper government that legalized reefer has seen the biggest surplus in Canada's history!"""
He's got a pretty nasty right hand though.
But it do.
I've also had success with diatomaceous earth(food grade) and recommend it.
Yea progress!
The cops that beat rodney king should have used this defense.
I should watch The Wire again.
This is what you get when you make a big issue out of manspreading.
*Feeds Tem flakes*
I love my s6 edge but the battery is terrible so if that is a deal breaker look at the G4 or note4
Then the movie won't reach the people it needs to reach.
That makes two of us then!
Canadian sports network
I hate that I can only see it 3 hours away
"Thank you, I think I'll man up and go to the health department."
#JUST CUCK MY SHIT UP FAM
I have an MSI Krait board
"I disagree with that assertion, as it appears to assume that the only thing setting intersex people apart from other are their genitals."
"In all fairness, let's just see how he plays before we mock the article so heavily..."
He is the right man for that job
Yay so happy for you!
Do you know *any* Muslim at all?
Some House of Cards shit
Even better.
If/when they do build a stadium they have to put Nippert back how it was (if UC wants them to at the time)
She's been banned from twitter on numerous occasions if it's the person I think it is.
Hey they mean something to us!
I've been saying for years that McDonalds coke is better than any other coke in the US and this apparently is why.
I would argue that his miracles supported his divinity and to take them out is to basically take Christianity's whole reason for existing away.
thats what vac is for
"Nice, but where was the part where Tinkerbell was a jerk?"
Almost like there's different people with different opinions on Reddit...
Let me sing you a song about statistics and outliers...
"Hehe, upon closer inspection there is another reason why they wear those boots apart from tradition: They're able to wield medium to large boot knives."
My life in a nutshell
"""Let me run from this train while staying on it's track""."
I wish it could be compiled in GCC/G++ - Sucks having to install all that VS bloat.
"We're so bad they don't even bother with the stats :,-/"
Maids
Considering dropping Vinatieri for Gano.
They are just scared because they really dont have a case if trackers become obsolete (if they even ever had a case).
Yes.
"thats exactly where i drive, people in the left do 130, the middle lane generally does 110 and people try to pass in the middle lane doing 160 just to hit the breaks when they see the rest of the cars right ahead."
The current state of technology has a lot more to do with this than politics at this time.
Hillary turns heel for Wreslemania
Why is everything so shiny?
"The one before that, I mean."
Username checks out.
"Dress sense, and a good taste in wine."
Going to cost more than the Dominators and not do anything new?
"Might check your bump stops, that 02 sensor location is the same on mine."
God works in mysterious ways... such as rip currents and undertow.
forks Forks FORKS NOOOOOOOOO!
Please don't ever assume to speak for me.
"This makes my head, hurt."
"Even if he was making a light-hearted joke, it was made in poor taste."
Jesus Christ...!
No their dogs gave up halfway here.
"I got like, 20 downvotes on that post ;-; I mean, HOW DARE YOU SAY SOMETHING I DISAGREE WITH"
I know one day it would be relevant
I'm hoping this guy will last me four years in college... Because I don't have the money for a new one haha!
"Given that the overwhelming majority have no desire to secede, coupled with the fact that despite what some like to pretend Texas as a state is not self-sustaining in the slightest, I doubt it."
Of course a Shaclone video comes up in the recommended for this
2008 Kansas 2011 Coke 600 2015 Daytona 500
Tips start at 2:15
"I was only just introduced to the original (finished season one about a week ago) and my friend who had me watching it said ""you don't need to watch it anymore, this one makes more sense anyway."""
Jokes are just truth in a form we can deal with without getting depressed
...still going with the iron cross
"Okay, that is a fair criteria!"
"Focus on building the roster, competent booking, part timers putting over the new guys instead of each other, KO looking competent, Roman either dropping the US Title or getting away from the main event scene and fighting the midcard guys who need a title to go after, Gallows and Anderson getting a huge push, some NXT call-ups, and less filler crap."
It's a farfetched cry to say Fox News is Journalism.
"Not really, but it's still nerfed from what it was before."
"it was broken many time, the whole building was reinforced including the wood and the chest"
"No, I don't think any reasonable person thinks that indoctrinating children with any sort of non-abusive religion is child abuse."
Those are caused by lots of nursing and not lack of bras.
Plumbers putty
Atherosclerosis
"Snyder - ""I'm not leaving until I'm dead"""
'so Threeway' is actually part of the original quote!
Fucking wizards man...
Colonial settlements seem to be a response to nearly everything including the sun rise.
"oh dude,that's so freaking cute!amazing job."
"I think Gwyn and his knights were throwing lightning spears before they got nerfed though... But jokes aside, I get your thinking, I tried lightning as well."
Thanks.
I have no idea what or what he doesnt c ompartmentalizes.
Literally
Then they act like the victims when they come outside and they're being towed\ticketed.
[Gets turned on by potatoes]
But every frame that Mario is on screen is replaced with the entire godfather trilogy
"You may as well be saying ""as far as I'm concerned the whole murder/infanticide issue isn't anyone's business other than those involved."""
All good my man.
very true...I idiotically reached for DeMarco on the way out over Forte and Jeremy Hill (I'm an Eagles fan and had faith he would have a great year...hoping that he delivers this week).
I wouldn't say he's much better on defense.
Cardiovascular disease.
You mean that completely generic video which shows the singer dancing in a skimpy outfit with 2 backup dancers?
"Oh for christs sake, shut up with that crying about nothing."
If you're in Tel Aviv any time after August 22nd I'm down to meet up!
"Instanced pve in gw2 is very easy, even raids are just a slightly harder version of dungeons(which at this point of the game are faceroll easy for the average player)."
It's awesome.
"On this blessed day, we are all Klikkers"
it's five feet
exorcistheadturn.gif
Some people just lack any form of self-preservation.
better take out a loan for 100k so we can get more loool
"Hiya LowReady, what's up with da hoodie?"
"Also guy #3 in shot 6 is black triangle, so I'm guessing, that guy#2 is black 25."
Well sorry to say all the Korean binary groups are pretty much dead.
I always UpMatt Matt posts!
Danks
Steve Austin got over going 50/50 with Savio Vega then losing consistently to Bret Hart.
looks like number 2 inherited her dad's forehead in addition to her mother's.
Paul Laus forever
"""Loser"" is drumpfsprecht for ""n00b""."
"Or correctly: AA, Hamstring, AA, Thundercleaver"
Palossand looks nice!
"I think he's dead, because he got beheaded"
It could work if the depth levels of all 3 gears don't overlap.
"""punished"" Santa Snake"
Price for Salt &amp; sanctuary?
Problem Quantity Surveyor
I hope you like dealing with ALL THE MOSQUITOES in the summer!
:(
"Both 13% of 10 and 10% of 13 are easy to evaluate, I don't see the problem"
"Simple, because they're the only companies that are *paying* Youtubers and Podcasters."
Goodness gracious...
They want to punish everyone.
And he'll have plenty to deal with when he plays for RM
Lovie has to try and save his job.
DICKS OUT FOR HARAMBE
"Well, Cornell is the ""Safety School"" of the Ivy League, after all"
I'm near Lex too!
Kings won't make the playoffs though ;)
Shit movie causing a shit show
When he is not dead after 10 bullets you fucked up anyways
"THEYRE FROM GEELONG, WOULDNT CALL THEM DOMESTIC"
"Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, Start."
obvious troll but its not that hard to seize it from someone who was declared dead
"Mine too, it's a really under-rated Simpsons gag."
And no caramel
That lone cable on the bottom row on the far left is triggering my OCD.
"Judging by the lack of spinoffs in there in general, I think this only for main series titles"
One of the twooooo versions?
A repair shop or Apple Store said this?
Do you know what an argument from authority *fallacy* is?
You can if it'll shut you the fuck up.
Bye bye
"Nah, if we win it's still 1-1 and you guys have the home court advantage."
I don't think that's how you're supposed to pick up chicks
"And it is a fragmovie, unless you have some other definition."
Looks like something from Mega Man X.
They always go inside.
Ty
"not many schools have a belt test, when you're ready for blue you're ready"
"How about posting follow ups @ 7,14,21 days?"
PM please
wait till you check out the h1z1 sub
That was a great read
I call it antikukli.
David Eby for premier or prime minister after reading this.
Eddy!
"It was a rhetorical question, emphasizing just how few people commenting in this thread seemed to have actually read the article properly before going off on their ""anti-white/we're suffering too"" circlejerk."
"Anything ""written"" by Niki Minaj"
That is what I have always been told
Yes
I might need a citation on that statistic
Eat some Taco Bell maybe?
That's how you get salmonella
Wait... So if a female who has carried a male fetus has that fetuses DNA in her brain... That means information sourced from the father's DNA is in her brain... That's a weird thought...
He's just glad someone in the family is making money.
Thousands of thousands of thousands of ones.
Controlled opposition.
Proof?
"actually that's what I've been doing for you, and thankfully you seem to have understood that huzzah for you"
^^^god ^^^i ^^^cant ^^^fucking ^^^wait
"Don't you mean, ""Imagine if she ripped of a joke that Carlos Mencia ripped off."""
"Adevarul e ca nu prea merg la petreceri (no friends and all that), dar daca majoritatea se desfasoara cum tocmai ai descris, mai bine nu."
Oh my god what an incredible gif
KNOCK KNOCK WHO'S THERE JUST ANOTHER HUMAN HAHA HAHA.
All 719 of us..
"Oh, it probably takes you an hour to watch 60 Minutes, too, eh?"
I sure hope so!
The 2nd team in your lair says you don't :D
"Well depends on where you're from, but given the game's age rating is 17+, they can't let you have access if you say you're younger than that."
"Haha, O'Malley actually got 10%+ in some counties in Northern Florida."
"Once upon a time, I learned that a vibrator can break in half, cleanly..."
Still up for the trade?
I hope that Bernie Sanders does not turn into a war criminal if he gets elected.
Thank you
10 year old me would say nuh-uh the Skyline was.
"Sanders isn't a communist, though."
damn stacked loooool
And almost died with that coughing fit.
How could anyone get rid of such a cutie.
Nah but recent success is still recent success.
I'm high and thought it was him in my peripheral vision.
Stormfront is the opposite of anti-white though
Too bad we can't ignore the inflated health care costs caused by smokers.
Sisters!
Yes.
What does this word fix mean
"I'm in the same boat - it was surprisingly early, but I feel like it's gonna have the right ramifications, at the right time."
"Or 3,888,000x10 to the 15th femptoseconds!"
It brings all the gals to the yard.
Its a hack.
She got pop star ahri so they didn't want to give her another skin so soon
"I'm not sure I agree with you, but this might only be because I grew up where they weren't."
"Out of curiosity, when was the last time voters didn't have to vote for someone who ""give no shits about us""?"
Yep should have specified; I didn't realize it could appear except as a scripted event.
"Some solid advice there, really made sense to me."
"Whatever the reason, those are really nice illustrations..."
r/nocontext
"1, 031, 137"
"honey, what else do you needs ta know?"
"Still, cant beat the fact that it was a good movie."
I feel like I'm doing it wrong I spend like 50 60 a week and I always run out of food before the next thursday
"19F, moving with my 21 year old girlfriend in August :)"
posting to the thread already does that.
LeBron is kill
"In other news, one man actually managed to miss the 2 front page posts about SirActionSlacks being a sub for DC the other day."
"With the stuff you seen in this game, was expecting the tank to blow up and the horse to come out unscathed."
"Thanks, been a fan of his vids since its inception... I won't pretend that I don't hear his voice overlayed in my life."
"36 in math, same process."
Why not?
"Fixed, thanks!"
Planting bounded life Force and then not killing the opponent for a turn is going to be hard.
"Says the person making an ad hominem attack, and using the word retarded while trying to claim the higher ground."
"That's why I said they won't care if you die unless that means you're no longer doing something they want (like ""making them feel good"")."
"*C'est la vie*... They have their priorities, I suppose."
No kneepads?
You're a piece of shit.
"Mike ""Michael Vick"" Zimmer"
I just hope Biff Tannen doesn't become president...
"Two hands, motherfucker!"
"Yes but in all of those cases people, for whatever reason, thought that the change was permanent, which it wasn't and this sure won't be."
"^Chelsea, ^^Chelsea, ^^^I ^^^Believe..."
That's another piece of it-sometimes parenthood brings a sense of responsibility that wasn't there before.
"Shows you what really matters to today's society, profit"
That's almost as small as Donald Trump's hands!
"Yes, that describes everybody and not just a handful of pricks."
"WHOOOOSH He already knows that, he wants experience from other redditors who went through a similar issue."
Aliens
and I thought the liberals were all for it ... Thanks for clearing that up.
"Sorry, I was wrong."
*spice gg on the Dune reference.
Mayan
"Oh goody, they are holding the Lottery drawing and the out of towner conveniently wins to be sacrificed for this years crops."
"horse locked in chastity device, please send help and also some oats"
Admin on Windows 8
Here in Michigan we'd just accept it
(Srs) palesplaining omfg
but it does tell you something of the true character and nature of one side of the argument
But obama said Christians are the problem.
I agree with that assessment.
Your mom was amazing.
Terry is Teri now btw.
Would like an offensive answer if I could.
Oh you mean this repost.
Nobody reads the text.
That marking was shocking
"of course, he's gonna miss time is my point"
Really?
I enjoy his occasional tells when he mistakes me for Auximoron.
I feel like there's an untapped market for fencing removal for politicians
Khaki
And I love how some folks can ignore 40 years of her progressive bona fides because she isn't as progressive as their preferred choice.
Your dad has insecurities over the size of his penis
"Generally, the Hyper212 SHOULD be fine for OCing as long as your airflow is decent and you don't get a mediocre CPU 'make' (some run warmer, some run cooler, it's random), should be fine for the most part."
"""Real soon now"" is not the most comforting of responses."
"They're not being a spoil sport, it's just weird that you didn't even read the article you linked."
Which is horrible because she truly existed.
"""She didn't get wet, I feel betrayed but might just forgive her."""
"No, and only a moron would manage to misinterpret what I was saying to such a massive extent."
Just check out the body count from Romeo &amp; Juliet - it's not exactly a new idea.
"GTA IV was worse in this regards, partially because it had directly followed San Andreas."
Regi plays the best top lane Karthus in LCS
Also want to say I'm stoked to play the new Tomb Raider...was really impressed with the 2013 reboot.
Neccesary evil
"Yeah, I think he had a studio there."
D is for the ladys.. flash i mean flash
"Even the divestment lines (e.g., Stansted)."
I don't need the drugs if I'm allowed to whore
"Yes, but it doesnt count towards the sniper rifle kills for the infiltrator directive."
I don't think it's healthy either even paired with an appropriate amount of mangosteens.
"Ah great, more console hate."
Spiderwebs is good too
I've always gone the route of using the word impact if I'm not positive on which one to use.
Fuck the queen
"Four and a half buddy, four and a half."
Was hoping it was dark cloud 2 :(
Muslims around the world are too quiet about terrorism in their name.
Check his history for the trouble along the way.
Get fenders.
I'm glad you like her!
That doesn't look like the same Gaston.. at all.
"Congrats, this is the dumbest thing I've read all week."
"Mine already do, I picked blood."
I'd say its a modified medhud or a heavily modified goathud
I used to volunteer at that once a year giving out drinks and stuff.
"To be fair, if you made playoffs you were bound to play him eventually."
We have a camp for people like him...
Except my MM prices it at 55k
Right after he formed the Earth
"[But in my system, you could still become a member of one of the four parliaments, or even the Head of the Quadruple parliament, which has greater power than the Emperor.]"
16 year olds love that shit.
Because the burros better double check themselves before they wreck themselves.
he loses edge containment too often
I think he just means modern relative to the archaic rules of the catholic church
And you never will.
tit?
Waterboy is pretty good too
Then counter that with Valtome being a senator
Yours likely didn't have computers assisting with crash avoidance.
Well my stream just went all cataracts underwater in terms of quality :(
ITT: Hypocrisy
"Well, it'll be over a year then."
140% of the time it's his s.o.
That's Canada for you buddy.
Shut up aacarboner
What the fuck are you talking about?
"I need to finish that book, thanks for the reminder."
"Wow, there are people in this world who don't immediately heal their teams."
"No, because it's the same Japanese 12-year-old Doctor Who fan clicking every website which yields consistent results."
"The question everyone wants to know is, which is the hooker?"
This would imply they go outside.
Show my a rider who would forego a helmet and I'll show you one without a head.
109?
"Probably not, despite the strides in ""white people do this "" vines"
i wish.
Doesn't mean they did no wrong.
I remember it... Yeeehhhiiiiiiiii
Billy?
"Wait, so now y'all are HAPPY to pay for a mod?"
"this can be abused pretty easily, nearly all, if not all the dota2lounge bots have this warning."
"""buff"""
Add me
Betting on Gunnar for this one
Then Sanchez has to make more starts lol.
"All plans should stop flying in and out of there, that will get some attention."
"Really tremendous asses, but you won't hear that from the dishonest media, I'll tell you that."
femroe pls.
"Wow nice, great game thanks for letting me know!"
"Pfft, you must be uneducated, cos I can do it easily: for example, I weigh 4838 kitkats."
"Me too, thanks."
Why does he think Obama wasn't born in Hawaii?
In the end of the day engineering and banking are equally crooked.
Rachelle BBCAN2 ate ONE peach ring and the entire house was a have not for 24 hours
"For attention, probably."
Thanks for the clarification!
I believe he preferred to inject his 7 percent solution
"Different network, different producers, different writers - his show is different because it's different."
I'll take that as a no.
I'll be in Stratton Saturday and Sunday
They obviously weren't xD
Only Joker needs to catch up.
Apps like this will reverse the down-pressure on market price from merchants cashing out.
"Every time my cat goes outside ends in this scenario... He's not supposed to go outside, but he's too fast and stealthy to be kept inside :( I scold him, but it's not very effective against cat logic."
"I know how to spell ""you""."
"I never thought I'd see Lion King, 9/11, and Linkin Park in the same title, but alas here we are..."
If you get +1 movement from exploration 3 promotion (after the 2 sight bonuses) and logistics promotion AND it becomes chu'ko'nu then you will actually have a unit able to shoot 3 times in 1 turn.
"i feel like messi's inspiration and pure genius can overcome the most of tactics set up by coaches ,sure pep is a great one but i still believe in the teams spirit ,especially the MSN trio that seems to be getting better and better by every match"
I didn't know my mom opened a restaurant.
GOOD JAHB \* *clap clap clap* \*
"Cam you give a reference to his ""twattiness?"""
I'm from just outside of Saratoga Springs where it's 50/25/25 split Giants/Jets/Bills.
Pretty fucking amazing
Must resist ... perfect stocking stuffer ...
why?
dm;hs
FanDuel?
straight fuckin aerated
"If you think that companies being able to put whatever they want, whenever they want to on your phone without your consent is ok, than I would suggest you just keep burying your head deeper in your ass."
*UNESCO 2030:* Native Americans were Muslims who were brutally kidnapped and murdered by the Mayans and Aztecs
Are the servers active now?
"Note: If you have so little idea what you're talking about that you can't even tell whether or not something *you wrote* is nonsense or not, you may be doing something wrong."
You didn't do well in school did you?
"Implying there's such a thing as ""too much""."
I don't like at all that this exists but honestly anyone with half a brain and a day or two of cs experience can control recoil better than that.
This is lame and creepy.
Nice.
My deaf dog *loved* being vacuumed.
Dead people.
"Never been, but I've heard Lander has the biggest or longest fireworks in the state and gets wild."
That was a bit of an upset in my mind.
wow 10/10 Frosted Flakes are great
Clearly the spoon is too big
Fuck this thread
"Oh I know, just that people make a big deal about ""ewwww, that's disgusting"""
I'm really glad you don't have a picture of that abomination.
"It's from an advertising campaign by Wrigley, the makers of said gum."
"No, because if you didn't want a relationship and send him on his way, he'll just come back in 3 days."
"Dayum, those are some nice titties :3"
"Yes, typing fast at work on my phone and didn't take the time to proof read"
At the time it was badass though
"Just wipe front to back, brah."
Too soon.
it tastes like spicy alcohol soup
Looks like something a pregnant woman would randomly crave
Does anyone on this site use jumper cables like they're supposed to?
Jiraiya tried to get Naruto to control the Nine Tails for most of the timeskip and it ended up being a complete bust.
"""Hey, giraffe, my eyes are up here."""
[EUROBEAT INTENSIFIES]
Why were there two post-match threads?
Implying I was ever subbed!
0
Happy Trails Torii the Tiger ^^^^(and ^^^Twin)
Anthony Hopkins built the Death Star?
"Well, I'd say they're not afraid to be bigoted racist white trash but then they wouldn't be saying it on Reddit."
"I was at a party one day and my friend was leaving with his amp, and I said to him ""you have so much arm muscle happening, you know when it's time to celebrate"" and when he said what the fuck I just said, I told him *""you got that jackshow in your arms, you know when you need help""* Drunk people are idiots."
"I do not deny we were intervening in our allies' wars, but if you want to claim that we were actually at war ourselves, then who were we at war with?"
"I had one this morning where the last person to chose decided we needed 3 tanks, spammed ""we need a healer"" then stormed out 5 seconds before the match started, luckily a good Lucio took his place."
10.5 my bday was 3 days ago!
Mmmm.. Jumper cables!
"Because to them: ""fuck the law if it doesn't go along 100% with my personal beliefs"" Not saying conservatives don't do this on other issues, just that in this situation it's ludicrous that this is accepted."
What are you doing that's shaming the dachshund?
"I don't really have holidays in the strict sense of the word, but I've done few domestic/international trips on a very short notice."
I get the feeling like there's a rubber band wrapped around my head
"obviously someone hasn't run a puppy slaughterhouse (also I just enjoy being needlessly cruel in this game, so it probably is really inefficient)"
"No, he in no way would ever be part of something that could tarnish his legacy/career."
There is no way to do that.
You're allowed to walk anywhere in the casino except actual gambling halls if accompanied by an adult.
Your worst case scenario made my entire body shudder
How dare Trump name a Christian to head HUD.
"Judging from interviews, it's because of Ed's label"
this just makes the funeral scene worse
I would have been very confused if it weren't for my stoner bro.
Map mod name?
I bet .45 ball overpenetrates less than 9mm.
Creatures Porno
Video games and anime
"No, they work over Bluetooth"
Step 11: Perfait
Run away from home and live with other family
lol
In both cases you may say that you are looking at technology flayed.
Unfortunately not.
/thread Pack em up boys.
"And in 99% of developing countries (the vaunted ""emerging markets"") too!"
And they were somewhat mythological in the sense we would never see them because they were from a war long ago.
This ^ also make sure u have spent all your points in the PA and roles
"Unfortunately I already traded for Bloodrayne, but if you don't mind replacing bloodrayne with defunct + Cursed then I'm down to wait until tomorrow!"
$500 is a lot for *me*.
I predict gold for you
i assume you dont like coffee or cigarettes?
Cause he is
He choked a bitch twice and then picked up a second dui...ALL IN ONE DAY!
"Actually, the YouTube snaps in two."
I actually started playing Mass Effect 1 recently on PC (as I never finished it) to scratch that space exploration itch.
Yeah but he was the good guy this time and it didnt work -only 2000 tickets sold and lower ppv numbers.
"If they were looking at child porn, they did."
"It's been happening for a long time now, they're just ramping it up now"
"Yeah, nah."
Matchbox Twenty - How Far We've Come
Corey Graves gets his big break
Inb4 Shenron Hanzo.
Immerhin stimmt die Differenz :D.
^^^^^^^^^^^fuck ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^u
Elliot Rodgers in the making.
That doesn't make a game that isn't 1000 hours not worth $60
Thanks!
"hah so I did, fixed"
Maybe I don't understand because I owned an older Mazda... But can someone clarify?
"I didn't, but thanks for insinuating"
Many people have us beleive we need oxygen to live but that's just apple lies
Metro thanks
"yeah one that I can think of is there's a lip above the entranceway that leads from CT spawn towards B site, you have to get on those silver palettes that you can get over to get into T spawn and then do a fairly hard strafed jump to land it"
$100 from Swagbucks in my highest earning beermoney month ever
Siemens woulda had this.
Idk the next major is gonna be a clusterfuck so some good teams will go out early in qualifiers.
"*Alyas* actually fits the bill, but yeah, it sucks that they ripped off an older idea without even bothering to add more realistic and relatable elements to it."
"Fully agreed, but some like Wilbon were talking like he is fully to blame and like Lebron didn't have opportunities to shoot because of Kyrie."
Lol what an obscure reference.. that being said i think i remember what your talking about.
"title seems clickbait but its actually really practical and useful, upvoted"
Then you just ask mom.
KING PAPEY didn't forfeit to play dt/tk they forfeited because royalty has an easter dinner.
who upvotes this?
"Not now, Roman."
"But ""Peace"" could not describe Tiger's love life."
As if they don't it already under Obama lmao
Shawshank Redemption
He could disrespect me with that face all he'd like.
"Actually both could have easily move, but, bottom line is that Connoly hit Markov and it was unnessecary."
"For countries like Canada and Australia this is valid, but I was thinking of countries like the UK, Belgium, France, Germany, Japan and South Korea."
"Like someone said before, that is a valid criticism of the joke."
"Fuck you,guy."
Exactly
***PLEASE TURN OFF ALL ELECTRONIC DEVICES***
Which god?
You're talking completely out of your ass.
I have no hands
ya and what
I turned 30.
"The Manipulated Man by Esther Vilar, actually anything by Esther Vilar, The Red Queen, and The Predatory Female."
"yeah, there's about 12 posts of this exact joke in the last few hours....including 1 just a few minutes before yours"
Tony Abbott is the Joe Biden of Australia.
"Yeah, I thought about that .... My quick internal justification was that the others are listed by game, and that The Giant is not part of the base game."
"To me its more of ""happy hahahahehehe"""
The joke is that she didn't know he had a Buggati and assumed he didn't have a lot of money
Is your saint of a doctor in the sidebar?
uh
"After the Kickstarter failed she sold the company to start scamming via Video Games, so you can probably safely buy them."
I think we found the Apple fanboy.
He looks a bit shorter as well
Brandon Wood Never forget
"YOU SUCK, DOUCHE!"
"If I were you, I'd worry more about buildings that had bedbugs."
I belittle others in order to feel better about myself.
It really sucks
holy shit what the fuck wow
Don't you make very little money each time if the odds are clearly in favor of the most likely to win team?
Is what the chair did
"Yeah I get what u mean, but this prebuilt doesnt have the common properties in prebuilts like ""super powerful i7, 16gb of ram and a gtx 620"", you at least get to choose your parts so u are kinda building it but paying extra for the assembly process."
lookin' purty
"this begs the question, why don't you want to read the manga?"
cool thanks man
"Stop spreading FUD man, you sound like an idiot."
Well fuck
With E max it's pretty easy to scream your enemy into submission.
Rekt
Well Lol is now playable
that's so raven.
"If he dies, he'd have a darwin award for picking a fight with someone bigger than him...."
"My kitten, then the stuffed animal I've had since childhood."
get your feet off the bench you filthy animal
Who would buy the notes though other than the banks and they can only take it with a tax declaration.
Gas station would be good.
**DON'T PUT THAT IN YOUR MOUTH**
She doesn't contact cook just beer and crack.
Yes.
Ryan McPartlin as Captain Awesome in Chuck
Source?
or he never plays party ranked.
AVG is worse than any virus I've ever had.
Oops
I noticed it earlier on the ESPN ticker too but never posted about it because I couldn't find anywhere else that said it.
"It's an antenna that you get from playing the beta, it's pretty limited, but it doesn't go for much."
Im not about to try to get Moltres out of the PC
Someone just finished a true detective binge.
"Yes, but people who no how to micro can scout with familiars"
"Yeah, it looks like garrison's ult box"
Burn it then drink the ashes in one sitting and go on with my life.
Northern New Jersey fans that have been watching hockey for 5+ years.
"Nope, flawless on an old Galaxy Note 2 even."
It's from World of Warcraft
Pataki gave up his last shred of dignity with the outrageous fees he tried to force on SUNY students to support union thuggery and illegal immigrant handouts.
"funny, but you can't compare to the beetles, they command the splits because of their popularity."
"She's no Liberace, that's for sure"
"And just like Canada, we're good."
"That's funny, I used to have the exact same problem with Windows, leading me to change for Ubuntu Master Race :o Have you rebooted in the past month?"
"Oil/gas/coal, still king of the hill."
P U C K F R I E S T
Gay
"ITT: 5% legit answers, 95% made-up quotes for karma."
Skid games aka xmodgames
"Very true, though I still live in hope."
I would hope EMS would know that's not what a seizure looks like.
"#HORRIK, UNLEASH THE CANNONS"
Its a rapper being a dick to a mentally challenged person.
"What I don't understand is why ""small government"" conservatives want the state to literally police bathrooms and decide who gets to use which one."
"No, why?"
"""I don't know if I've ever mentioned it before but I'm black"" - Larry Wilmore"
"I stuck my tongue out at you because I was joking, my man &lt;3 take it easy"
I haven't felt this stupid in a long time.
Chichi's ruin everything :( sorry for your lose and your trapped future once you have a baby gohan at lest the attention will be on him and you'll be free to train again.
"Learn to post an image properly, or do they not teach that in makeup school?"
"Comment graveyard below, do not enter."
"/unjerk you know, when trans people are gay 10 times as frequently as cis people are, that's not a terrible way to look at it."
"Tissues, hair ties/rubber bands and quite possibly Benadryl or Advil if you have pets."
Semi relevant user name...I think...
Why would OP want to take him to get his clothes cleaned?
Are plastic bills easy to launder?
Crude but that pretty much sums it up.
"Nay, Reboot was the shit."
Phenderix Magic World adds a divine archetype.
I provided a bunch of good sources that go into detail on money laundering post-demonetization in another comment here.
When bitcoin has the monetary base of a medium sized nation state it will be as stable as a medium sized nation state.
"Spoken like a child that's had neither an office job, nor one of the high paying jobs that you claim do not give breaks or lunches during the work day."
lmao
Blue Mountain State
"Has he started saying ""maaaate"" and/or ""cunt"" a lot more?"
I mean... now everyone will think he has a small penis!
"Rick is killing other ricks in other universes, so they can't be saved by even more ricks"
Then I'll be sure to never purchase anything from them here on out.
The bastards.
"even as far as laptops go its absurd, you can buy an i7 6700 laptop with a 1060 for $1600."
You're telling me.
...or two.
This is a match thread we don't have time to see think analyse and write
"Ikr, so pitiful... So tell me wheres your heavens edge :3"
FB Billy Butler against lefties is very underrated in my opinion.
"I thought it would be redudant to mention him since he's in his prime ,but edited!"
I'd go 30k to Tizca for a day.
That's why... you're not a judge.
Now *that's* the wisdom of Silencer.
Did you get friendzoned by your facial hair?
They're different burr sets with the Vario being aimed more at espresso and the Sette being a multi-purpose.
I see what you did there.
I just can't figure out this is posturing to drive up turnout in NV with their base or if they're legitimately going after this.
MoCo?
Obligatory what is this show?
"As am I, as am I. This fedora is a confident expression of my bravery."
"Well, except that when i modify the terms of the license and cross of certain clauses they still accept the terms of my counter-offer by not complaining."
Overwatch.
"Because that right there, earth, is dying:(("
"Hopefully, she'll do the knee thing later that night."
You should always bring a bottle or a 12 pack for donating to a bar you like.
Woop woop as long as he wasnt rushed in
"Valken, Nelson and APX"
The cold
Their commercials are funny.
Scrotty McBoogerballs
And that got the manager fired.
He's too scared to chat shit
"if they want to flood the market, why was a massive stock of rhino horns burned a few weeks ago?"
This... this is really apt.
"I just like the triple alliteration chain you got going on there, that's a fucking fun sentence to say."
Should be a hate crime
"That sounds very sinister, like they might lobotomize him if he doesn't go with the system and so he wont leave."
A testicle descends if you are a man.
WTF he scored a Free-kick
I joined c: I made a new Neopets account a few days ago when we first started kicking the idea around on Twitter.
6!=6 * 5!=6 * 5 * 4!
"Yes, but they lost their software patents."
You make it sound like you can catch being a rapist.
Makarov.
The spoiler is the photo caption!
Z-splash is kinda pointless when mimikyu already learns sd
"Constant propulsion of some sorts, yeah."
"X-Files son, the episode where Maulder and the guy from Area 51 swap bodies."
With the requirement to safely transport an egg.
Some poorly written sites rely on the ad DIV size to align content.
Pure Horatio Alger!
Pun chains.
Ever since you guys ran Bill Belechick out of town for benching Bernie Kosar the Browns have been cursed.
Go hawks!
"Before 14, it's a creepiness singularity."
It's super weird lol
Maybe he got the Extremis treatment and doesn't need the prostheses anymore.
Then one time...he waved to me for the last time.
This deserves more updoots
Someone should tell them there were leaders other than Hitler and Pol Pot
Don't fade the GOAT
Cat.
"Yep, unfortunately."
"Wait, they're shading the water, but then they heat it by using it to cool themselves?"
Instead of a gradient you could try to make it 3d by having a darker outline on the bottom and add a drop shadow.
celtics 2100 - 2099 - 2098 - 2097 - 2096 - 2095 - 2094 - 2093 - 2092 - 2091 2090 - 2089 - 2088 - 2087 - 2086 - 2085 - 2084 - 2083 - 2082 - 2081 2080 - 2079 - 2078 - 2077 - 2076 - 2075 - 2074 - 2073 - 2072 - 2071 2070 - 2069 - 2068 - 2067 - 2066 - 2065 - 2064 - 2063 - 2062 - 2061 2060 - 2059 - 2058 - 2057 - 2056 - 2055 - 2054 - 2053 - 2052 - 2051 2050 - 2049 - 2048 - 2047 - 2046 - 2045 - 2044 - 2043 - 2042 - 2041 2040 - 2039 - 2038 - 2037 - 2036 - 2035 - 2034 - 2033 - 2032 - 2031 2030 - 2029 - 2028 - 2027 - 2026 - 2025 - 2024 - 2023 - 2022 - 2021 2020 - 2019 nba champs
"I saw that, but no avoidance, no wall riding etc, I can honestly say as playing Lucio especially in that area I rarely touch the floor, there's so many walls and pillars to surf between it's like a Lucio play ground"
def stronger
"Nice, got me some new songs."
Won't be surprised if he skips it.
"Right, but being banned by both Israel and an Arab state and then shunned by HSBC - that is significant"
Is probably can
*cough*Forsberg*cough*
George Zimmerman for me.
"I live in Pinellas county, Sunstar isn't hard to get hired with but it's all als so EMTs drive.. They do both 911 and ift, doing 911 you will get inter facility transports but normally not more than two a shift.. Normally 10-14 calls in a 12 hr shift... Most people don't stay too long or they also work for a fire department.."
Are their ears that big because of being hit so much?
Have you seen Better Call Saul?
You are free to believe as you wish.
"For a second I thought this was a joke... and then I saw that she calls herself ""The Bone Vampire."""
You don't have to answer a cops questions.
It always does when Bitcoin is involved.
"ugh ""women dont *know* what they want"" maybe you dont know how to listen"
ugh I couldn't do that job Just the thought makes me squirm.
"Believe me, that's what the rest of us have been trying to tell you insufferable faggots for quite some time :)"
Only worried about disinformation that doesn't fit the narrative.
That family made a sign specifically asking for his shoes lol...pander much?
"Cleanup on aisle 3, cleanup on aisle 3"
Reason number #517 that you couldn't pay me thousands of dollars a year to take care of a cat.
or the Dad Alliance get behind me ;)
coerced consent isn't consent
Tell that to this sub
I want that between my legs.
They dont.
You must *really* love biking!
I think all that was proved was who is the bigger retard
"Yes they did, I specifically remember this happening in Bakersfield almost 2 years ago."
Hopefully memorable because they're cool instead of memorable for their embarrassment like in BvS
The Vatican has a great PR department.
"Well ya, but depending on the person, those two could both be true."
I'm disappoint by the lack of NSFW u.u
"You can sell Skooma and Moon Sugar to Khajiit merchants, such as Ra'Virr in Balmora :)"
"Correia wasn't a decorated boxer at all, she was an accountant who beat up Ronda's scrub friends."
Season 4 isnt that long really
"because the editor sucks balls I changed mine, but the changes are fairly minor and primarily related to color the logo editor in particular is awful"
I'm so fucking tired of his bullshit
"Specifically, constitutional freedom."
I mean i have like 250 or 300 times this year so its not crazy
In bed with Jeanie?
"But mud and sand are different , just because the ask fails one test doesn't win one test doesn't prove anything"
Hulk for sure... still hoping
COUGH SHARPENED VOLCANO FRAGMENT COUGH
"Well thats a huge relief, thanks a bunch!"
Well when the alternative is dying of thirst....
Thank you!
Kinda sounds like you're just surrounded by people who presume all the time!
Can you smoke weed?
I'm guessing cause he actually doesn't comment about ongoing investigations?
"Yes, it's in the Vault."
"Yeah especially because it's odorless, nobody will notice that they're inhaling it"
Was that spray-on cheese?
But did they make a meme about it?
"Hey, just trying to spread optimism"
Your mental gymnastics are incredible.
I'm just bursting into laughter alone in my room reading this
The seller was ready for action
"Well, the tea is essentially mandatory."
Greenspan will increase in price as supplies run out.
"Grizzlies, because if they can get out of the shithole they were in, then there's hope for my team after all."
Under investing in infrastructure is not a good idea.
You'd rather see me and a pimp than me and Lorenzo rollin' in the benzos
Someone needs to edit those flag pictures - I can't tell where the flag ends and the white background of Wikipedia starts.
I think it would be easier to provide you with a source of counties/countries that don't arrest disproportionately...NONE!
Wind service has been upgraded in Calgary and has been much better lately.
"*drumroll* Teleportation... *sick joke, woosh*... :/"
Welcome to the club!
Never tried cold brew tbh
can't you read title?
"Callum, what the fuck are you doing?"
"yeah, I already paid so I'll get it when he finaly gets it."
I'm going to steal it
Communism in motion.
Lmfao
That started when Mandela took power.
yeah i didn't even try it...looked disgusting
Don't y'all call them chavs?
"Yes, maintenance is going on right now, and has been for the past 8 hours."
More consistent frame times can make 100 FPS look smoother than 75 FPS on 75Hz.
Jesus also referred to Adam and Eve in Matthew 19:4-6 to make a point.
Clorox
Dapoode
"So many regrets, so little time."
agree to disagree there
They live in a fantasy world of their own making.
ooooohhhhhhhh
I'd place my bets on at least a week before the main event.
I watched the whole game.
StatTrak boots confirmed
Be yourself
This isn't a showerthought...?
About 10% of the value of the stickers is pretty standard.
"Phew, thought I was the only one."
"Holy shit, mind blown."
"I don't know if I could, but I think this will be a last resort move for me."
As it should be.
Is in a stand too?
I'm gonna guess s2 on sprint.
I want them to use steroids to test them out etc... I'm sure plenty of common folk could have improved quality of life with correctly prescribed steroids as well.
Mine just glitched out like that but now its fine.
What if the hockey gods weren't red wings fans?
In general once the hull of a ship begins to break up you should start looking for a lifeboat.
and growing!
"No it's not, Bears can sprint up to 60 KM/H including uphills."
"I don't know if it's just me, but the stream is too laggy for me."
(Very very minor spoilers below) I choose to believe that this is Jon's reoccurring dream from ADWD it explains the errors with it.
You keep wearing shirts like that you might be able to save enough for a real haircut.
"Good as a drawing, but unfortunate to be based off the early Elsa art which made it on to a lot of merchandise."
Tears in Heaven by Eric Clapton
"But, why is there an ""A""?"
"It is fun when there are no cars, its just a little tight when its rush hour."
"if you manage to stay on the force for 40 years, you get one free rape of a minor"
Looks like it's over.
"If we had someone like Ted Cruz as president, we could join these Muslim states in solidarity on this issue."
12.7.1?
"Even though that particular someone is no longer motivated, and visibly deflates the attack when given his chance to assert his role?"
Oh Germoney stop being so master race.
"wore my away jersey, guess ill wear my home jersey!"
Yeah that's pretty socially inept tbh
"I hate you, AutoModerator"
RIP Bob.
MedianXL will be like inferno probably so get used to it :)
China is not our enemy
That's one pale looking gorilla.
Wet below
"""The passenger window doesn't work"""
"Its simple, a wet diaper is very unbecoming."
Glad I'm not the only one.
Sparty Bro.
But you didn't need the wlan for Internet.
had to drill out the cum from the tub drain
They make the best churros though!
really not surprised this is on Barstool.
If any of you have an answer to the original question please tell me the secret to immortality since you know it.
I enjoyed it!
"Lol, I got really busy, but I finally responded"
Ace Rimmer?
Got it!
* POV * MILF or barely legal
While it is a good gun you can still beat people with another high rate of fire assault rifle pretty easily.
after that guy sneaked up to the rock; did the rest move to the rock and are shooting down from it at the end?
lol
Darfur (I got the easy letter)
You're proving my point tho...
2me_irl4me Except for the psoriasis
"do you not know what ""joke"" means"
Yes.
"I fixed it by bringing an active player on my Roster (according to the position) down to an empty slot to the alternates, then in a different tab, just add a player, seems stupidly bugged atm lol"
It's still intimidation and threatening behavior
"Hard to please, eh?"
A+++ would outlive the horde in it again.
United nations?
that's when you switch to the Rich Piana **REAL FOOD** diet
"Athletes go bankrupt all the time and they are paid millions a year, it's not unheard of for somebody with a large income to fuck up..."
They never actually were all they say that they were.
The art value is shocking.
I'm a real boy and I would drink that.
"I get that, it's strangely charming."
Cicadas live almost two decades
Realistically I would think that they would talk to every available former world champion who is nearing the end of their contract or recently retired.
The problem was that he was on a bigger team while still very immature and I think that magnified the shit he says by 1000x and then the whole bullshit with the throw.
MINehhSOETAH
"But if this has an agenda it is to prioritize women's issues which are, unlike trans people, important problems."
I mean he did get lit up immediately following that.
"Pretty specific age range, makes me think you're good at this"
"In Israel, Muslims own and run businesses that sell alcohol."
"Maybe, but Angel can't be gotten by CoCo."
"Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes made of ticky tacky, Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes all the same."
"Hanzo and Widowmaker on the same team, Check"
I like where this meme is going.
"I'll ignore the color, but I can't ignore that it says ""my love"" all over it."
Why not both?
"Eli5 how do I know if my computers have flash, and what do I do if they do have flash?"
So spill the beans; if it's not cake then what is it?
"while it's never that broad it would have greater publicity because while no one connects wayne enterprises to batman, but ironman is a celebrity and he's let the public know who he is, that adds a level of public interest... not to mention that while wayne enterprises makes consumer + b2b products stark industries had (no longer) military contracts which if we take the real world into consideration here should number into the hundreds of billions of dollars."
What are your thoughts on fire?
"Yes, just like your wife"
"The dread of every DM: ""I want to play a Chaotic Neutral drow rogue""."
It's definitely a classic
"So having the creativity of my five year old niece merits the title ""deep thinkers""?"
"How to get down votes, lesson 1 by supereeedz: ""COD4"" in title"
"And equally as important, how quickly it comes back down again when they came up on traffic."
Its not even called a laser rifle by the developers.
You're supposed to eat it with a spoon.
La banquise
Ahhh fuck!
not to mention being able to tp to another lane pushing into your tower instead of putting yourself at risk farming lane creeps past your river or going for jungle creeps
Eat a bag of dicks.
A Hilary I'm happy to support
UPVOTE FOR KNOWING THE SCORE
Noice
Just because you can't be friends with women doesn't mean that no man can.
"That offer is really nice, but i dont think i would be up to standart if you know what i mean :) I play solely for myself and my girlfriend, i dont think it would be fit to the public hehe"
Here_kno_evil joining
It's actually Ben Miller
Actually Islam is apart of the three Abrahamic religions like Christianity and Judaism so essentially they all believe in the same God but disagree on the prophets.
DUN DUN DUN DUN dun DAH DUN
"Examples have been given elsewhere but there are plenty others existing or coming : Star Wars, King Kong/Godzilla, LEGO, Hasbro, Harry Potter, Fox X-Men, Despicable Me/Minions and probably others."
How exactly do you weld shit underwater?
"hmmm, he was released with abby, but before her, right?"
"Not that I don't enjoy betting over stupid things, but giving money to a charity just seems wrong."
What does your bird statue do?
M'dgard.
Same
But racism isn't funny I thought?
"swa ""owenwilsonsschnoz"" and ""jauqinphoenixslip"" had me dying, im sure they were friends"
A copy of my mixtape
The fact that people thought he had a chance after losing his 3rd most favourable state (Iowa) is mind blowing.
Will there be any systemic changes except from invisibility and plants during preseason?
"Jesus, were you born stupid, or did you have to work at it?"
"It's just a storm in a tea cup - the media are biased against UKIP policies, and have found a new way to smear them, in the hope that it will make UKIP's 4million voters lose confidence in them."
The NapeVaysh
Thank you for being so informative &lt;3 it's really helpful
"He is a citizen, he had to become a citizen to have Fox News"
"Than move to Yurope, here every woman drives like that."
This plot was far more believable then anything written in the bible.
Extremely relevant username!
"They're still charging $50 for the lefty version, and only $40 for the right handed one."
:) No worries.
No in the states he would have identified himself as on officer or the protester would have called the cops and reported two suspicious looking people at the gas station.
We are all rape apologists for laughing.
"Ah makes sense, I feel dumb now lol :P thanks"
Iruka sesei is best sensei
"Already tilted from that remake, double tilted now"
"It's k, i got this"
Sore sixth
Tag your triggers op!
Congrats for being smart!
That camp counselor did NOT have a snake bite.
His passing is a tragedy but let's not make him into something he isn't.
Where do you see Bowyer getting a win?
"Corporations protections like limited liability and judgement proof ness are 'free market', no?"
imgur's upvotes are green.
"I prefer ""The Man that Wellness Policy Forgot"""
So killing through caste angle isn't psychopathic.
Absolutely nothing
Do you have an actual source on that?
"Sea cucumbers, I guess."
"If you're gonna get some ass, WASH YOUR ASS!"
"While you are right the tournament was called ""North American Championship Qualifier."""
It was at 17k before the vote fuzzing started...
The question is were they actually British or some rare breed of American troll?
How do you guys estimate the balance?
"""First she undressed me with her eyes... then she dressed me again and added an anorak and a hat."""
As they should.
**Aroboretum** but at 4 it's a table hog
Gilded himself...
Easier said than done.
Is she like an escaped stripper?
"LOL, true."
"But if you added an extra stock and 2 more minutes, nothing at all would change besides the time of the video being 35 mins instead of 25."
A bowling lane next to an indoor gun range.
"Since women women were never samurai, wouldn't a woman using a Japanese sword be gender appropriation?"
"Ahh, sorry about that"
A fire at my workplace
"Thanks man Youtube is blocked where I work, You da real MVP"
How long is it?
"So, do you actually want her so badly that you assume everyone else does, too?"
Direct link and a repost.
And when he wasn't injured he sucked.
"will do, thx for the heads up"
Bingooo!
TIL linking a comment and cracking jokes is making a huge deal
"And so is the Ganges I was just making a point, badly I guess."
Then she should be receiving all that money from a settlement involving this case; not because she happens to be the female half in the divorce.
It's glitched and if you would've used the search bar for the sub and typed the exact title you have you would've found your answer instead of reposting
Sorry had to comment about how much of a shit post this shitpost is.
ITT: OP is a jackass
Talk to Charles Dickens in Clark Park.
Reich Dead 3: Hitler did nothing wrong.
So I can have less range on my Shieva ;)
potassium hydroxide
Nope
Nah
NHK_irl
Its okay for the FBI to go fuck themselves because people go fuck themselves all the time.
Deep Sea Diva because she's beautiful and she deserves gold.
Good thing you didn't enter that gene pool lmao.
first year statistics papers are stupidly easy
"Yeah, and he specifically flew to Denver just to do it?"
I feel you
"Father, I am disappoint."
But having the -option- is important.
"I had the opposite reaction, i felt sick to my stomach since i had to do what was right and ditch it"
"The massive jump in xp seen in the graph was during world event 2 (I think) where you could get a lot of free daily construction xp by repairing factions' towers, essentially removing the need to train."
"... were grating and horrible, yes."
"I mean all of these games are sloppy, but exciting...NA may not be a strong region but they're entertaining!"
"I use Crocs sandals -- back strap to keep them on, and plenty of ventilation to allow them to dry out over time ---low stank factor old geezer in a canoe with a kayack paddle"
No it doesn't.
It's the way the memory controllers were laid out.
"Sorry, I was still hung up on the Automatic Teller Machine Machine."
Falling and being tripped are very different things.
"Lol, phalloplasty."
Go study before ya regret it like me :(
I think I hear that giant sucking sound that Ross Perot spoke of.
"Sorry, straightedge."
A bishop in hand is worth two black rooks...
"I don't really know what this is, but I dig the art."
We still have the Easy Street in Best Seattle.
You're gonna have a wet shirt.
That's pretty damn wet.
I dont get this one mind breaking it down?
I like how everyone just kinda skipped over your first point.
"props to programmers because man, programming is soul-crushingly fucking boring"
"as someone from Seattle that's spent a good deal of time in Eastern Washington, bull-fucking-shit."
So either way it's against the rules.
If you've beaten Roadhog with Roadhog in 1v1 then your argument is invalid as you agree that Roadhog is so good in 1v1 that he can't even be killed by another Roadhog :P
It's always cyco in Philadelphia
Whoosh
Vince Vaughn.
huh?
Islam did not inherit the mantle of Christianity.
"Will be doing that ,I'll order a new sample in the next few days."
"To hate Street Fighter V and Smash Also, porn"
"I like pokeballs, since you could see the ball the Pokemon is in I've preferred pokeballs"
"It's the combined effect of the (ignorant) beliefs of many individuals, including those who govern corporate activity but not limited to them."
Le comment gave me le cancer.
I'm guessing your friend gave a statement to the police when he told them; is there any chance he heard some gossip from the officers about what THEY think?
oddly accurate yea.
"There's this thing called ""renting"" a car."
0448 - 0251 - 2861
*narrowly dives out of the way while his anime laden cardboard box is fondled by a Soviet soldier* *lays still while a patrol car skids on horseshit and tips over*
If the deck gets some toys in EMN it might be good enough to be a real thing once CoCo goes away in the fall.
that's so hot
Well fair enough.
Coincidence?
"Also, self-defeating."
Much better resale for one.
cavera
You've got a full month boss.
Oh I'm just giving a suggestion because that four-way is amazing.
"Netherlands as well, and same situation with soccer."
I like the donairs from Tarboosh on 10th and 17th.
you may have to upload them on your pc :/
"No you're not, you knew exactly what you were doing going into that..."
"I enjoyed Blitzkrieg Bop, but laughed at Smells like Teen Spirit"
You have informed me of a new Arkham game... Excuse me while I have a heart attack from excitement.
PL exists.
Austen so she could finish Sanditon.
Can't you hit Q to switch to your previous weapon?
"What are ""software advances nobody really wants"" alex?"
Merl?
What does this have to do with Rebecca Black?
What is your favorite Coldplay song?
Fat Rob or Jordan Howard?
Got another 80 to go
I'm getting this comment framed.
I don't know I don't have kids and I don't know what it is like.
no doubt
"when gasoline burns it's not the liquid which is burning, it's the vapors."
The specific scenario or something to quide in the right direction if one cant find it.
"Suddenly the Left is not interested in ""Corporate Responsibility""."
Kelly's Liquors in Downtown gets it pretty often.
"Then...the game won't be getting dedicated servers, lol."
"Definitely, but the problem for most addicts is that they can't enjoy in moderation."
It was a Consort and an SK.
"Satan being created from fire as opposed to clay/dust for mankind, he felt superior."
This is outrageous!
Ruff doggy sex huh?
"""I don't care how loud your screams are, you're not gonna drive home tonight!"
Goldeen or Seaking
That was outstanding.
"that isn't even a bad Ye line, it's hard to rhyme something with sarcophagus"
Nothing comes to mind that doesn't end in felony arrest
Weird but better that than one of the damn things jumping in front of your car out of nowhere.
"I love that you can tell Google Home ""turn it up to 11"" or ""set volume to 11"" and it maxes out the volume."
"Yea, a lot of people think vertigo is height related, maybe because of the word ""vert"" being in there I don't know It's just dizziness from your ears being messed up"
What about a whopperito?
Still pissed i chose a Mike Wallace jers literally months before he left
It will be rather funny when these innovative js libraries will have to dedicate their time to integrate with legacy Java 1.4 Applets that enterprise development never bothered to update.
Maybe this was his idea all along.
Oracles blue elixir
That wasn't the question..
&lt;10k and I am happy.
~~Avenue du Manoir?~~
OP says $10.
"Daar is 'ie weer, Paulus de dDos-kabouter"
"This reminds me of classic tomb Raider, add some boobs to this photo and you could have a hit on your hands."
"I know this is way old, but I was browsing some old posts on here, and THIS is also why I use the shotgun... Sounds so badass."
"If it didn't happen the 67 other times, it wont happen the 68th."
You're getting an upvote because my girlfriend just had me pop a tube of biscuits not even 3 hours ago.
Omg my monies
Ack!
Maybe click it.
"I just bought the Fallout 4 version of the steelseries Rival mouse, and I do *really* like it, but is it worth grabbing one of these at this price just to stick in a box somewhere?"
"Looks like you also lost the game of ""Not a big toe with hair"""
"Nah, more like number of SATA ports and fan headers, BIOS as well (although it's mostly useless for gaming per se, I find ASUS BIOS to be absolutely gorgeous), general I/O, etc."
I haven't been a fan of their films since I saw Garfield
"Yeah, he did seem spectacularly stupid in his opening post."
"If that happens, it's possible that no one would get the 270 electoral college voted required to win, which means the House gets to pick whoever they want to be president."
Galaxy S5 makes your point moot.
"The Albany Emperor and because I'm a Seinfeld fan, the plate reads ""A55MAN""."
Here comes the Liberals to tell them they are wrong because they are not white.
Don't want to get it confused with the Google Chrome Web Store.
The murderer
Watch KONAMI unlimit Tour Guide and Mathemagician in order to promote Beatrice.
"Cool, thanks"
Such a solid all round team.
^^cumbox
Well if Bellichek had sent out the kicker on one of their multiple red-zone appearances late in the 4th...
"Hooray, we start our season with indoor baseball... yay... -_-"
dude spoilers!
I'm pretty sure that was dolphin and whale.
It depends on what your expectations are from the course.
Is that better or worse than a hard cunt?
"I think the last time I was in Gamestop I was looking in the bargain bin for ps2 titles, nice to see I still have no reason to head back there anytime soon."
Hookah usually refers to the device you smoke from while shisha is the tobacco you put into the Hookah.
He was serious thats why....
"It wasn't retroactive, but it was fast tracked and the UCI handed out the TUE based on the decision of their medical director only, rather than the three doctors that WADA code requires."
"if shes against loads of tanks, cleaver... if against squishies then youmuus"
"I had an itch to join the military after ***reading*** Starship Troopers, but the director of the movie decided to go another direction."
Or he'll put up with your shit in an effort to save his senate seat and never really stand up to you until it's too late?
Not Dinkytown
Urf is next week
"exactly... but first pick is always a stubborn asshole ""Ill shit on her in lane"" ... noone gives a shit..because as soon as she hits level 6 shell double kill bot 3-4 times, then kill top once or twice.. and now the game is over"
This is hilarious.
"a lot of workplaces let you browse the internet on break, you know."
bird is the word
As someone with severe allergies I apologize because I do this all the time but I'd rather spit my mucus and saliva than swallow it.
"I read somewhere that there are character quotes regarding a meteor in der Riese, so it is possible that the factory was established near an abundant source of 115--obviously within German occupied territory."
I have a BS in BS.
but someone has already done that
Tell us how you really feel.
I used to be a waiter and the best part of my job was crop dusting the dining room.
"""Rain Delay"""
""" HD 7000 to 7600 parts"" Your 7850 is in the clear."
And how is this not casteism?
Punk will never give me babies...
Not whopping enough to warrant you doing any proof reading I can only assume.
"Yeah, I thought she would've learned from that, but she's had NO growth."
That was ruff
"""commentsaboutusernam"" that was me, but i haven't used it in a while"
Fuck yeah free healthcare
"And ""beef"""
Google Translate!
"Is the story ""I hit people very very hard""?"
Do we have a free market?
Makes no sense because the engine is already federalized in the US (RR/RRS).
Which candidate would you prefer them to endorse?
Totally!
I just love happy happy she looks that she outsmarted a little girl.
Freedom
Not having a smartphone I am not able to participate in this fun.
MILFs are hot
What do you mean by slow down entry?
Yeah looking that series vs Echo Fox you could think they are even but gonna still give small edge to TSM.
"Qualified or ranked standard, i got mine definately for qualified coz i was camping #announcements for a new qualified map"
*Woe
"Oh, it was Mika Brzezinski... who is essentially a Trump surrogate."
"A MIB browser can help you if you already know the names of what you're looking for (""inOctets"", not ""bytes""), or just grepping the MIB files themselves -- sometimes they do have helpful descriptions."
"Based on that alone we would've seen them in ORAS, although probably will see them if we ever see Gen 1 remade on 3DS."
"I really would not have expected a Company like Amazon to use this ""check if IE, refuse to load"" crap lazy web Designers seem to like."
We need a Bouncer Reinhardt skin!
The American dream has been dead for a long time.
"The relative difference does not change between the items, so the preference won't either."
NSFW that fucking nasty shit.
"What President Clinton/Trump does with that info, however, could very well be Orwellian."
Those are the good old days: 2300: Crisis as there are human shortages cause everyone's busy having sex with robots
"When I used to DJ weddings, I just kept my mindset like I was talking to someone who needed to process things a bit slower."
"Oh right, my bad"
Report back and let us know how you like him!
dae pink tumors
"Night on the Sun by Modest Mouse, no question."
"Took me a second to REALIZE what you meant, but yes, that is interesting :-)"
thx for the sharing with some brothers!
Should I throw away my Game Genie then?
He also changed his view on punishments for women on rape like 3 times in 3 hours lol
"Well at the very least we get to see them at appropriate times, rather than at random and awkward intervals."
My god I've never wanted to play Risk so bad in my life!
"Uh... Well, your armor's gauntlet is already a plus... Would a knife do?"
I really hope they go to the AHL overtime format next year.
"Almost sexual, isn't it Smithers?"
The final step of the transfer process is to physically move the SD card from the original system to the target system.
"I know, pretty simple, but I had to use what I have on hand and it's my first attempts at ANYTHING"
I'm fairly certain that you are talking to a bot.
thank mr semmler
"Is the ginger the grandson from that kid in the cher movie ""mask?"""
I mean if nothing else it is in the loaner's (g2 dude) best interest for the loaned (fnatic) to be able to repay the loan+interest.
Nice.
Let's e-mail Grant Morrison and tell him we fucked his whole system up.
"And my season opens for 1-2 weeks in July yet its all I have been catching.. The Dolphins, Cudas and Sharks love the closed season..."
How
Extreme pollen warning.
"Yeah, I've taken quite some breaks"
And..... I'm stealing this.
It is just karma...
"We need eye candy, watching Jets offense for these past few forevers has been painful."
Every time Zhang Fei comes up I keep thinking of the comedian.
"I'm not sure what I expected when I read the title, but that was cool as fuck."
You certainly don't act like it.
CAN'T WAKE UP
Came off at the corner of crooked and Hillary
Walcott pay raise definitely.
"""You're not gonna shoot me"""
"All the time, its depressing..."
whoa whoa...let's just dial it back for a second.
What a jackass!
This is wrong.
Hopefully they'll be better than Joker Game.
"At least he managed to translate ""made in China""."
*Vomits* ***EVERYWHERE***
It's common outside of the USA.
Sheeeeeeeeeeiiit
Every time Samsung makes the news they always look like cunts nowadays.
I hate this week
"Wow, this thread sure is xenophobic."
"Yes, I prefer mine room temperature."
Cheers!
You have a pretty face
Yes
Square both sides.
Damn this movie blew lmao
"Bring some Baba ghanoush, and we'll let it slide."
Sounds a lot like Fable and Peter Molyneux way back in the day.
"Don't think twice, you'll just end up with two different results."
No
"I didn't read the details on the deal, so I fully expected to see some of the Star Wars movies on Netflix on September 1."
I agree with your sentiment but disagree with your logic.
SoonTM has turned into WeGotYoMoneyLOLzTM
"That community service ""con"" is free tuition for 100 hours of community service - I would call that a massive pro"
Picking Techies... -Dota 2
"I feel like this album was overshadowed by Watch the Throne being that both were hip hop collabs released within months but in terms of quality, Bad Meets Evil was just as good as Watch the Throne."
"It's funny, because the other Spiderman 2 has a little girl helping Peter get out of a hole in a burning building."
But nothing in that scene really effectively parallels Leeroy Jenkins.
Fire Coughlin
"I just googled that now, wtf EA basically lied to everyone about his stats considering there was no futhead or the like back then"
This also crashes some android phones.
do the people who made this even know what squid ink is?
Welcome to the fear empire.
47.9 for petrol.
you have to speak the language of the people who's going to vote for you.
Why do medical insurance plans cover chiropractic if it doesn't work?
Waking up in a furnace is still better than sticker star.
Uh no not at all I don't like any of the Abrahamic religions but Islam atm is by far the worst.
So only non-computer hobbies are productive or somehow better now?
What's the difference between a CCTV camera on your street corner and one in your own home...
"So true, just hitching your wagon on their cart can land you in some sticky situations if you're not well versed in their brand standards (ioc and coc) guides."
"*Tom slams on the brakes, hoping to get behind them*"
I'm glad you understand my pain
Funny... Would have figured my taxes covered the costs of such services...
It has the chip from FF7 in it.
He drained it and found oil!
Ikr
"Small tidbit: ""paras"" means best in Finnish so I read this initially that ""Kobe is the best""."
OH PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE SHONDA PLEASE YOU OWE US THIS
It looks like something out of Star Wars.
"Hah... If they are well connected like the big banks, they'll probably pay a $500,000 fine but admit no wrongdoing."
Why show off your breasts for free while some jackoff videographer gets all the money when you can do it for cash and keep at least some of it?
"Several, in fact"
Maybe because it's headquartered in Chicago?
P
It kind of reminds me of the music from Akira.
So what do you propose they should do when a supposed ally sides with a group that calls for the killing of every single living Jew on earth?
We appear to have seriously rustled some jimmies.
What are some advantages of using this over flask?
"thats evil, to ban the worse one."
"Better get him out quick, though, because his face will melt."
"IIRC he's 6'8"", 270 lbs."
"I wouldn't consider him a higher weight class, just better at everything."
Would have been a lot of fried chicken.
Super Narnia.
"Write for cracked or buzzfeed, they fucking love lists."
Isn't that scent thing a myth?
Also add all the other Western (like France) and Muslim world leaders who cheerled the debacle of an attack on Libya.
Freakonomics always gets me to think deeply.
"Murray struggling in no way effects the fact that chip wants a grinder, not a dancer, so no, McCoy was a bad fit because McCoy was a bad fit, nothing has changed that"
Because Jewish conspiracy.
So why would the news create a large coverage in a follow-up to something that didn't get such large coverage?
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only person who's ever read and liked that book.
No I'm not looking for an argument with a troll
RUSH B RUSH B NO STOP NO STOP CYKA BLYAT
cavalry
And meth...
Talon and LeBlanc take their sweet-ass time to delete people now.
No.
"That's the easy way out isn't it, leave it up to someone else to explain how god damn hard it is to close the loop-holes."
Some people don't.
Mange.
Kirkland vs Angulo Rnd1 is very good
Jew guys better cut it out.
My guess is that his agent is listing a price that will most likely go down as FA continues
#BITCH-CACKLING
"I have a H80i that I used on a HTPC, and it works great, this is just something I've wanted to learn how to do for a while."
You could sell em
More like digital suicide amirite
"He's too sp00ped, duh"
Remember when the sex offenders list was for pedophiles and rapist....
"Meanwhile, on Bizarro world."
Vasectomy.
datamining
Why not anymore?
Smells like a jungle role.
[[Kringles Curse]] on the high end for price but worth every cent
when will the minority on minority crime stop
Self defence classes also teach this as a last resort.
so they gonna drop the hudson river crossng tolls ?
"That's not maple syrup, that's table syrup!"
Sad to see after a single loss ido has already been demoted to top bellator movement coach.
I just laughed at your comment... where am I?
wall-e?
If I remember correctly they took it from the report released by the sheriffs department.
Nioce
Not everyone has time to watch a 30 minute video at 7 in the morning
Had no idea you could unlock weapons that aren't shown in the store.
"The debate in the comments over the use of ""You Won't Believe Aren't Photoshopped"" was ridiculous and of course it degenerated further into a debate over what constitutes ""true colour""."
most memes get stale for me
It's spelled C O R G I
I'm sure he can find a good mortgage for the new house.
"Nope, they don't include Sunday."
Pillar
I found them thanks
"For only political the party trying to put guns into schools not allowing them at their convention puts the lie to ""safer with more guns"" line they are pedaling."
Susie is bae
"this is a great album, as well as geogaddi"
"Praise Karl, king of ducks."
Oh.
gorgeous
Rhino warps the format more than flip jace but not to the point of being ban-worthy.
You got points for kills.
Such a waste of paper!
I clearly meant economic policies...
"BTW, where'd you order your parts from?"
Inven is the Korean equivalent of reddit
"shows how much I know: is the engine (Unity, whatever) written in something lower level but the rest of the game interfaces with it through some GC'ed language?"
Am I the only one who thinks both of those grips look like crap?
"You should do an AMA on that sometime, it must turn your life inside out."
Anyone happen to have a link to the interview where he stumbled on the coalition question?
"Considering that it was announced that *The Defenders'* first season would be six episodes of at least 60 minutes each, I don't think you have to worry about that :D"
The underachiever
I wonder how many young women lost their virginity in the front seat of that car?
"Its a pain to read comments like yours, when you obviously have no idea about Ubi and their terrible track record with rainbow six games the last decade."
Smells like troll.
does this really require an explanation?
Newer games have much better support for all 8 cores now which helps balance the workload.
"Sincerely, Josh Johnson"
ik zie wat jij daar deed!
I guarantee there'll be 2 or 3 posts on here about exactly this tomorrow
They might want to root around up in there and make sure they didn't miss one.
"Oh come on, i'd hardly call them men."
"He'll drop to 99 soon to keep being the gatekeeper, *because maybe* he's just on a good form for now."
Simpson's (MS) did it.
Chances are it won't even be colored within the lines.
Been sober as a brick for ages (both alcohol and weed).
"Possibly the costume on the mannequin in the middle of his apartment, after all he did see Barry in costume in BvS"
"This whole time, I thought people were just really into hoarding a bunch of ISOs."
I think making a bad machine gun that hindered American forces didn't help.
How do you think they built the pyramids on Mars?
Sadly true.
Those tennis grunts were quite cringey.
Omfggggggggg I am weak.
DISCUSTING
Looks like his cousin's cousin?
There is no policy and no reason for a policy.
"Fine, getting pegged by their gf then"
Don't you mean BASTA!
"Don't hate, I own those."
My sources are telling me it's actually couscous.
Ethtrader as it turns out is more for discussing positive news.
I believe it was real-time strategy; maybe it was turn based?
I mean that this post is spam and has been reported.
Autoimmune disease of the skin.
The islamic state has claimed responsibility for the attack.
Someone needs to remake this with the skiing giraffe
This guy is going to be so sad when facebook reminds him of the last time...
I would never willingly go near Cincinnati.
"Honestly, that game was basically EG's game to throw."
"The reasons for the rules aren't for some male-supremacist, female-oppressing agenda."
Better shooting guards Klay Derozan Wade Harden Mccollum Who am i missing?
"You can always double check with the registrar or business office, if there is anything you need to do to formally unenroll"
"If he was trying to get the majority of voters to vote him, instead of trying to win the election, they might have."
"....There was an actual point of some kind to that sentence, right?"
If you like the decisions the labour leader makes why exactly do you not want to vote for labour?
Hours of your life spent working to pay to buy and maintain it
"Tonight on ESPN: ""Is RG3 black enough?"""
They are selling for a pretty penny right now.
We are having a serious discussion and you're welcome to participate if you have anything to add.
Or the 2015 Seahawks.
I thought the thing was it was registered 2 months after..?
Two years sounds a bit lenient for stomping an underage teenager's head into the street.
TDM Already a lot there.
They saved the bullets for your banker buddies ie Goldman Sachs.
"We've provided lots of evidence supporting our claim, and they just dismiss it as ""conspiracy theories"" the burden of proof is on us, yes, but they simply dismiss our proof and never actually explain why it's false"
"By comparison, the beige car two over must feel better about their flat."
"They're protesting your ignorance, can you not read?"
Where did that come from?
The Turn A Gundam to lesser and the Turn X to an higher Degree.
Two evenly matched 2k teams for TI6 grand finals please!
Asshole comment of the day: That guy still isn't getting laid.
Pics or it never happened
"The only person who ever attempted it cracking Intelliborn software is wortel, and he went MIA a few years ago."
Which soundtrack ?
What I said has very little to do with the modern institution of marriage.
Estimated Time of Arrival.
"It's not guaranteed but I can definitely see it happen, Goretzka is definitely playing I'd say and behind that I feel like Geis and Bentaleb are on about the same level."
GabAI
Anyone else think this was a sex act gone wrong?
"A novel concept, but surely much too elaborate for the abject simplicity defining the mind of the average american moviegoer."
All I know is that since last summer whenever people start talking cricket I have a sudden craving for KFC.
Multiplayer death match...
run jewelry store on normal solo for RNG OR get goonmod and use gage coins.
"A class derived from `str` that simply returns spaces for every character past it's ""length."""
"People are allowed to think that the sky is green or that repeatable observations are worth as much as an opinion, but if I have to try to hold a productive conversation with one of these people, I'm allowed to rage just a bit."
"It *is* illegal on a federal level though, but most states don't care what you do, even allowing passing inspection on modified cars"
"Maybe it was for motivation, did she ever finished with ""because if you don't, you'll look like me""?"
"Without the pipelines, how would all those chiefs be able to fuel up their 350 Super Duties and Ram 3500's?"
You should send this to the guys over at Radio Sidewinder.
"This season it isn't, next episode is next Saturday at 8:30pm Eastern."
"Yeah the art is all really nice, but... the everything else..."
Verify integrity of your game files in steam
"I'm an American with Irish ancestry and I love spicy food, I'm not crazy about beer and I listen to a ton of reggae"
All of these old ass bands are nice but: Thievery Corporation Doja Cat Bassnectar Tipper Ratatat Glitch Mob Celph Titled and the Demigods Death from Above 1979
Dodge roll for days
yeah a lot of things in CSGO change so I'm pretty alright at adapting :)
I bet there's kinkier shit at the Vintage Values right there.
"Lots of dutch, but not most by any means"
My wife names the scandals
Look up tophattwaffle
No its obnoxiously good fun to watch a team get dominated by an even better team.
If it all goes 100% to plan.
What an egomaniac.
"Go Rams, Texans and Cardinals!"
"judge, jerruh and executioner."
Ele is one of the best mythic+ DPS classes right now.
"True that, though it is easier to accept if you lose the game in a glorious battle against Ottomans and their allies, rather than by being eaten alive piece by piece by some has-been colonizer that you could easily beat 1v1"
And without putting air crews at risk
"The torrent didn't matter man, the problem is the ship he fired backwards."
The fact that this is tagged NSFW says a lot.
Works for me on aim_botz
"Someone hand me a bucket, I'm gonna hurl..."
You must be living in the past.
"I do the exact same thing with my on the job experience and lack of $20,000+ loan."
"If you ask around at a prison the answer is ""all of them""."
So thats why I couldn't play GTA V
"And he takes, and he takes, and he takes."
Can't do worse than Rosberg
You underestimate shitposting powers
Ye olde english.
After creating an ok cupid account I started to get paranoid that I'd appear on one of those websites dedicated to people putting stupid stuff on ok cupid.
No thanks.
;)
I don't think so.
Because it knows your are better than that.
So when they filmed first LOTR movie for 438 days you would assume that they had cameras running 438 days non-stop?
Yeah the accuracy gives it a huge advantage over any cruiser it does how ever struggle to deal decent damage to battleships
Until you dc midway through fel rush
it's being added for rio.
"man, he looks good in blue..........."
What has the cold got to do with a failed base-gasket?
Go on...
"Well, Everything went."
"Smoke and neon respectively, neither make sense for instadeath water."
Still missing one.
Gay or not THAT is ILLEGAL and he needs to be in jail ASAP.
"*overzealous* ""progressive"" people."
I'm goin on break!
Holy fuck those situations are not always so black &amp; white(no pun intended)
You are correct!
"Yeah most vendors just want to let kids be able to drink, not have people try to fake their identity."
Judgeing from the trail angles it was done over approximately 6 hours.
Yeah I've considered doing the whole northern Canada thing for a year or two just to save up
We r dum
That annoying ability in Civ that causes him to always prove the world is round first?
"Same for dating, beautiful people can turn out to be horrible and immature on the inside and quickly become repulsive."
Damn CBS Back at it again with your best show!
"Well if you look at the recent ESL numbers, it's definitely not overblown"
"Well, I don't know if he overcame anything, but it sounds like he probably came."
"Tom Donohue of the US Chamber of Commerce has said she will support TPP once she becomes president and that her support ""runs in the family."""
"I briefly considered converting to Islam after I left the church, but then I realized that I couldn't believe in any god or follow any religious rules as a lifestyle anymore."
4 months for a new skin tho :/
I just use EVGA PrecisionX and turn on the custom profile really :/
"too late, mate...."
So because Bush was a dumbass and did dumb things the states should start leaving?
6?
YES plz pm me!
I lived an incomplete life
You have to act that way to sell fights and increase the prizepool
linux is even worse than consoles.
"any kind of hard drug, no matter how many people tell me to try it for free"
"I doubt an NDP majority is possible, mainly because of Alberta's unfair electoral district distribution."
Also a 14 trillion dollar debt
Not me
"Just like how America stopped being ""great"""
Missed it by that much...
"The Gaslight Anthem are my favourite band of all time, among others I listen to Biffy Clyro, Frank Turner and The Smith Street Band, just started listening to AM Taxi too!"
You gotta post the rest and slam me!
dark matter and 1 cc3 for unicorn?
Because it was done on purpose.
"Thief 3 admittingly tried to go Sandbox, but it became a big downgrade from Metal Age."
"I don't know about most of China being under tibetan rule, but when I go to a free tibet site, they claim around 25% of prc territory."
I think genji mains have a fear of any moving vehicle.
You just described 90% of reddit
"You're not supposed to block with weapons, that's what rolling and 100 block shields are for."
"Their Dad, Neville Neville."
Maybe because when this was originally posted all the comments were horrible but as time went on comments of people berating the other comments took over?
it fizzled out like every other movement.
Thanks!
I still play defcon and darwinia.
"*""fails to meet the standards of ABC News,""* **TIL** It's possible to fail to meet standards that don't exist."
"One of the Kings fans called him raccoon-eyes in the GDT last night and given his sunken eyes, I thought it fit."
The last of us and bastion.
I thought I would be dating by now or have dated by now.
"Seth proposed a new category for this glitch, 0% because he actually doesn't need to complete a single level to get to the end credits."
"Why don't they just save everybody's time and just ask ""has a man ever hurt your feelings?"""
Panik 99
If there's metal bending and plant bending there can be wood bending
Dota and Warcraft are rip offs of pong
Maine coon bread?
Huehuehue
oh yeah
Uneducated about..what?
Oh I may use this
Its a bit more complicated than that article describes but thats the basic idea.
"Because his claim should be a link to a picture of said ass, this is a subreddit driven by empirical evidence."
Bill Of Materials
This really happened back in the day...
Damn that tower to babel story.
Drudog13 310 hunter
My grandmother
How much longer til Mertesacker is back?
rekt
African cup of nations takes players away for a while
I tried to play it.
Do you know where you are?
"Instead of making them memorize the periodic table, have them do an extended investigation into the uses of a particular element."
Ohhh... GURP GORK!
I'm inspired to team flash
"I think they mean ""undo the pardon""."
Very.
Price of freedom in the united states of nannystralia.
What does the ring do exactly?
This is becoming nuts
You too.
"I've never had an APU, so I can't judge"
Keep telling yourself that sneaky.
That is one brilliant title.
"So, it could be worse?"
Fouts is *way* worse than Simms.
How can you classify Skream and Nero as indie?
I've also read they're using different characters
The problem with ESEA is that the client runs all the time with no control to the user
I feel like sm4sh is to Brawl what Melee was to the original.
Yeah but that's no fun to say
"Non, VOUS ETES le mass extinction."
"Opera is open-source, AFAIK, and their reputation would be severely damaged by using a ""dirty"" VPN."
"Sooooo, where's the logical defense FOR trigger warnings?"
eyy bb u wan sum fuk?
"Love your flair, I've been out of the loop for the past 5 episodes but I just finished all of them... and I gotta day.. damn, I don't like Paulie."
Crowell
ass
"Yeah, I'm sure Coloradans losing their jobs are thrilled."
"Seconding this, I have a friend with an emotional support dog in uni housing."
Yeah I wish Laine was talked about more in this sub
"I might personally find it crass and rather tasteless, but they should be free to print what they like."
Eh?
I was expecting a plane with a big bucket...
This roundabout has almost as many roundabouts as Lancaster (~6).
Congrats you were the first to report this!
I feel that he's letting hilary win on purpose...
I read Good Omens by Neil Gaiman &amp; Terry Pratchett recently and it was pretty great.
"Good god, I don't want to kill them."
That's pretty crazy that LeBron only has 300 less three's than JR.
Are you me?
"Didn't say MODOK did bad damage, lol."
*wooooosh*
I'd throw in MSL but Fallen still has the edge imo.
"Whenever my bike is staring at me while I eat, I feel like I should offer it a bite."
It can only be an improvement.
If Sonic Generations taught us anything it's that Sonic was so much less likeable when he became an obnoxious American teenager.
after their msi performance i think most people knew they were just really good^ before that what you said applied ya
why would you go all the way to Paris and then purposely buy such terrible food?
That's hilarious - how do you respond to that sort of passive-aggression?
I honestly think Nintendo underestimated the demand for the NES classic.
I got an extra vol 11
"6.666 years, its August dude!"
Even more interesting is how so many supposed tier 1 players manage to place last at nearly every lan for months :)
Here's hoping that ISIS never shows up to blow it all to shit.
I actually see mostly Schindler's elevators.
LIAR
Well aren't you cute!
oh good
tonight is episode 1.
"Eh, he could have gone with pre-processing directives or stuff like include, import, using, in, out, etc."
"Probably a requirement, but why wouldn't they?"
"Ya, a longer delay between each suit would be better"
"I see nothing wrong with using a short tether, especially as an aid to potty training."
I'm pretty sure people who are scared shitless say this because fucking lightening just struck the fucking ground holy shit.
~~John Kerry~~ **Lurch** Thinks Bush Rigged The 2004 Election
"Pro-tip: if any spices start to lose potency, just use more of it!"
It does.
Dale Carnegie is that you?
Hmmm... Maybe it's because you're coming off as a pretentious asshole?
How?
"If it makes you feel any better, my NCG this year is a rematch with you guys ;-)"
U rekt et
Like a well oiled fuck machine.
A rare look into the corgi factory.
"The purple shirt guy has an expression that says ""I fucked up."""
"I get that Wall Street is experienced in making predictions, but this seems like something that should be setting off alarms for people."
"200 for quas, i mean in dota 2 early days al played online tournaments from australia on euw."
Dude has a great sense of style.
They're also practical for having fun.
"It isn't cold where you live, is it?"
"If you know someone that does, let me know!"
So they would not bang on hard brake.
Try a tablespoon on a peanut better and jelly sandwich!
Cat.
"I think women choose careers where there is a range of right options (like Fashion, or how to deal with some drug addicted person) rather than careers which only have one right option (like how to distribute the weight load of a building and it's contents) because it is easier to pick a possibly right option than have to pick the only right option."
THE GUY WHO UPSET NICK DIAZ 'S POSTER BOY FOR HIS FIRST WAR MMA EVENT.
It was the only strategy they had **cached**
"To be honest, I don't know if there's a single player who doesn't get shit on except maybe Mikel from the first team."
LOL wtf
"Yeah roulette is cool when you're winning, but the game itself is soooo boring, you're literally watching a ball go around in a circle"
"I don't want to scour it to avoid spoilers, are there any hidden Ego codes?"
When people strongly agree with Sweden being fascist I don't think they withhold an up-vote if they disagree with the Sweden being feminist part.
They didnt build a mountain around it; the boat was moved inside after :D
No its literally just a recording of a yodeling pickel found in a gag gift store in Seattle.
"The way things are going you should be alarmed, they might shoot you."
"It's this sentiment that keeps reviewers beholden to game devs giving them early access, which only happens when they write positive reviews."
I come from the future to tell you that you're wrong.
"Name me a single country that ever benefited from ""friendship"" with Russia."
Stay Together for the Kids - Blink 182
"Ah, but Hillary won the under 100 demographic by over 3 million votes, so there's that."
But she already has a girlfriend.
I'm sure we'll be disapointed because there won't be new content today
a complete class was heading to college and all but one died on the way
"I have to think that even if they were different compounds, it would be very difficult to be able to tell just by feeling them."
"Unless everyone else is doing the same thing, of course... :P"
Worryingly sometimes you can't tell around here :-)
"Dear u/Humpty-Numpty, you have been banned from r/news for inciting hatred."
I second this motion I would like to know what happened.
Being surrounded by Pecker (Green Bay Packers) fans.
"Yes, you're a real class act."
"I'd make a pun, but I don't want to faucet"
"Ralph Wiggum, you simple little bugger, I choo choo choose you."
"Sadly, that doesn't mean that you're safe."
Honestly asking: Is detecting sarcasm always this difficult for you?
"""They're eating each other out there!"""
How is that at all related to having sympathy or empathy for other people?
prove it
How do you like the 4 leaf clover I've tried to get my hands on one but they are just so rare to come by
60fps with 970 on Black Ops 3... You sure you are not locked ;?
Muai-Tai Lee Sin its just so awsome
Yes!
What's a person being black have to do with it?
I like the heavy tank more.
Female monarch leader
i thought satchels were.
"dude our eyes are ""opened"" we're just powerless to do anything short of a civil war and im really not that committed"
I am TRIGGERED
He'll rebel against his old man and be the biggest bluepiller you can imagine.
Go ask the backers of this game that made this game possible if it's okay with them.
CanadianNorth 73whatever as well haha
Five years later... You've won a lifetime of diabeetus
You look amazing.
local community seems to prefer Bud Light
"#THAT'S WHAT SPEED DO, BAE!"
I just bring a box of boosters and open one whenever it gets to me.
He was a snow elf
SPACE
Sounds like Battle Isle.
"If you sit around waiting for anything to be 100% proven, ever, you're going to be waiting for a long, long time."
"They came first, sort of like a beta... well-intentioned but lots of flaws Then Instinct is like release day, not bad but nobody wants to play it because the servers are short circuiting Valor is the stable release, the 1.0 the previous versions strove for but couldn't achieve"
If that happens he become an instant martyr.
A lot of commenters also think it is heaven on earth because reddit
Damn you and your developers edition.
Trade verified!
LMFAO
is this more proof that Democrat and Republican are interchangeable terms?
Or he feels like a monster....perhaps?
best story ever.
Oh.
It doesn't have to be
Yeah I would certainly tilt If I was 9 rounds down lol.
M'istweaver
What's on my right?
That's really bad logic.
Doesn't attack take at least 5 minutes on Anubis?
South-East at the moment.
Pretty sure they were being sarcastic.
"""Record me, I want it to be worth it"""
Now may be the first time I ever hoped a cop's dashcam video was off.
I'll definitely be trying this
"My friends and I *WERE* going for world firsts, their going to still go for them, I'm not gonna ask them to put off their fun because ubisoft is a bunch of liars."
"Technically you can do it with normal grenades too, it's just more difficult."
"We'll lay off the ""surrendering French"" jokes when you lay off the ""fat, lazy American"" jokes."
Oh sweet summer child...
Hypedrive Charging...
You just described every state in the US.
He just met with Kanye at Trump Tower actually lol
that makes no fucking sense
"I caught Uncle Jobel's RCT2 stream earlier today, my first Vinesauce Stream live, and it was so much more hilarious than watching a YouTube video."
Well thats fucked up :(
Customer was clearly both.
"Not really, they killed the real socialists on the night of the long knives."
"By being an idiot, it seems."
Same crap happens with Griffin's and Jack's spikes sometimes when you try to place them.
When Victor Cruz is your 3rd option you know you have a sick receiving corps.
I'm only guessing they'd blitz more because Carolina's o-line is more impressive than New England's.
"No problem, throwing out an idea apparently equates to nothing."
...right.
Called it.
lol I did too
A good number starts with 4 and ends in 20.
Rednecks wish they could be put in the same profile as the crazy russians you see on the internet.
But this will make you smile: - TedCruzForPrez - 429 subscribers - TedCruz - 1169 subscribers - Marco_Rubio - 664 subscribers
Better to have an utterly miserable partner than risk spending any time whatsoever alone!
I'm wouldnt be surprised if some of that money isn't being thrown at mutilating boys.
Don't let me make it.
It's hard to win as Anubis in conquest
"no thank you, I appreciate the offer though"
"Considering Denver got 14 points off interceptions, Broncos didn't beat us; we beat ourselves."
It better not be!
Were you a F2P when you did that or a scout main?
The more I see these stupid characters the more it makes me not want to play this game.
I couldnt make after one minute with this dudes voice
Wiped out his dick and peed on you?
"NSA, on your desk, on your lap, in your pocket, and now, on your walls."
Or keeps cloning the same few people/ person and seeing how different circumstances and variations of situations affect the development of the same brain to test nature vs nurture
"Ti:Dr civati ha lasciato il pd, per ora le scissioni a sinistra non hanno portato bene"
"There is more effective E in Primatine than Bronkaid, sulfate vs, HCL."
"It is calorically dense, but doesn't consuming spoonfuls of oil cause diarrhea?"
"i told my mom i got into platinum top 8-6 % in NA and she was surprised, but then told me to do more homework instead of playing my video games."
Not confirmed.
TIL that the only way someone can contribute something meaningful to society is through employment
"If you can swing the extra money, it should be more than worth it!"
Or maybe no prior single meant people are still hype for the song rather than getting over th single in 2 months after the album release cause the single is 6 months old
Put some heavy stuff on the door shelves.
Force limit buildings.
I want it pls
These cameras need to be paired with legislation that strips the cops' status as cops if they are not wearing a recording device that is on.
...but she could make you a chicken dinner.
EZ 360s!
"The only way Trump has a chance at getting this country to work together is if he unites Republicans and Democrats alike against him, which he is really doing an excellent job of so far."
"attack =/= damage its not like the windows smashed, it was the tints."
I wonder how many redditors will get your reference?
Use the search button.
Can i wrap you up and put you under my tree?
"Could be a reason to actually play huntress, and theres no reason the area could be like 2 tiles."
o
Report unprofessional behavior
Have you ever thought of Grad School?
...Goo...
"No, any."
#NAME?
"See, but the problem is that this game could be spectacular, but instead of listening to players or at least letting us know they're working on improvements, they're releasing updates that hurt the game more than they help it."
Most weapons are projectile based tho.
You missed hendo and allen according to what i see
"To the top, burry the announcement post."
"Damn, didn't think of it like that."
"Well, did you watch the entire video?"
white would look great!
"I know what you mean, I'm not the biggest drake fan and sometimes his rapping just seems lazy but his hooks are so catchy"
Worst sex tape ever.
You are now banned from r/conservative
this girl at the 7-11 on 56th and pac
"He is seeking downvotes, upvote this bastard."
Yup
I'm almost afraid to ask but.. What is a s5 dks and how fucked are we?
#Common Sense Conservative
Bale was 21 when he had THAT Champions league breakthrough though i guess it depends on who you'd rather have but IMO id rather have Bale at 21
How do they do the colors for stuff like this?
thanks Obama
That was thirty years ago...
children of men comes to mind.
"Mo' money, mo' opportunity to recruit talent unavailable to BYU, possibly mo' autonomy or program control."
...and you're hooked on attention from strangers.
"aww, thanks."
It was Heroes Unlimited and they changed it from a Major to a minor power.
In what way?
Martavius Bryant.
I made the switch to bourbon and never looked back.
H Y P E T I M E B O Y Z
I cant stop laughing at this sub reddit holy shit
"And I could see the fight that ensues, with both your peckers out, lol."
May I ask why you agree with him?
That certainly is a unique approach to graphic design
"Keep in mind, there are also a lot of people banking on the public sale, so more buyers will flood the market too."
I don't think that I've ever seen a fennec fox sit still for so long on this sub.
Next time I'll listen :-)
Call support then.
Any news on who is going to replace Dennis for Friday nights?
Relevant username
"1.Don't block the roads 2.Driving through a road blocking riot/protest/whatever might not be advisable 3.Don't attack or scare anyone behind the wheel of a 3,700 lb machine of death."
First time we didn't know what character was coming since before Sm4sh U's release!
Already posted there buddy
I'm guessing they mean piercings and other body mods
Whoa where is my Persona 5 at number 1.
Hours ago...
Sexy
"I can't speak for you, only myself; but I would much rather buy marijuana through legal channels."
pff I didn't need my ears anyway.
left
I agree that the cop was condescending and likely wasn't justified to have drawn his gun.
I smoke a lot of weed and catch up on my torrents
Nichrome 100% (well... 80 if you catch my drift) Will keep ramp up times bearable
There's a big difference between healthcare benefits for government employees and those in the private sector.
no fun allowed.
lol
Politics.
"Oh yeah, as a Seattle vaper, I like to have three drugs in my system when I rebuild."
"It's quite hilarious, I agree."
"""All I can do is Forest DDPAT"" -Valve"
Whenever someone says that to me I think it is one of the most condescending and insulting things to be honest.
'Big disappointment' is a massive understatement
Hip drive is inextricably linked to knee lift and consequently helps generating knee drive..
#ParticipationMedal #LastWinner
"those champs dont want the new rageblade tho the new rageblade isnt as great as the old one, its way to expensive and doesnt offer enough value for its crap buildpath and crappy stats without 6 stacks"
The shit that creeps put people through is just so infuriating.
"Alex actually says ""I bring life and hope"""
Would this still be true if time is an emergent property rather than a dimension?
Painted red.... With Alliance blood!
Most fans are in support of it
nice photoshop fgt.
"If you want to do a ""Theratown's Tips for Building"" once or twice a week, I will promise to shower you in upvotes and, occasionally, gold."
AKA the Pencil.
Most of the country doesn't have a good public transportation system.
That's why Michael made a dungeon for their needs.
Dotabuff plz
I mean the CS pool turned green so there's that.
....wouldn't this be a nearly full body transplant?
Any story behind why Ukraine has a pig on top?
Nice cock and balls.
bottom is covered by our pitching
Yeah neither work
"You know what they say.. When you can't beat em, join em.. ^Thats^what^I^Did.."
"496,758"
They don't tailgate for no reason
Sorry mate
neither was France's situation (the shooting) months ago either.
*a government survey* -turns off-
I can see your point.
Beware the crayons of ruin.
Yeah ive been doing that but its still only at 2.2gb/12.5gb after 6 hours.
Don't forget Green Street Hooligans!
"What do you expect, it's a whole new hatch door and it's carbon fiber."
I WASN'T PREPARED FOR THIS AAAAAHHHHH
Or if our buttholes were on the top of our heads like blowholes on a whale.
Do you hear that familiar whooshing sound?
For free
Never tried sorcerer...
"I never thought Legalization would be fast, but it would be nice if it was flat out Decriminalized in the short term."
because I'd like to back up my questions and maybe re-read them?
"My guess: ""I teach high school physics so trust me here; It's a conspiracy."""
"They don't, I checked mine."
Won't that just run out the clock on the raid?
"For every 100 people who get one of these kinds of scams, 99 will trash it and 1 will fall for it... unfortunately that makes it all worth while for them."
"as long as there's more bonnie and mangle, I'm in"
Truly a twist you didn't expect.
"I thought that was her spirit connection, not avatar state."
Makes sense...but I think there is a possibility he became ennard though...
That still doesn't put them above the law.
"Pool of Radiance, and all the other SSI Goldbox games."
"Well, some people cared but we're bullied into not discussing it."
The one where the Trill are completely different from any of the Trill Star Trek ever deals with again?
India
I hope this is satire
"2nd guess: 885, Ronaldo, Kyle Williams"
ah ok
And only two countries have two: India and Italy
Because a bullshit-based currency is so much better...
So what you're saying is that he should bottle up his feelings like a real man right?
"Well I drank some dragon, but I figured edible was the best way to describe it!"
It is?
I haven't seen many Christian fundamentalists around.
"Okay, thanks for the help!"
B2S as a whole always serves me well as birth control...
"Fine, then be a miserable whiner"
You must not have been in the game very long.
I saw a homeless person once too very spooky lol
What?
That was my first thought.
TBH the remote app has always been feature lacking :(
And I can't wait for your flash sale ;) I want to get your sampler pack.
Triggered.
did I say anything about money?
that fix does not work at all
Guess it's finally time for him to face the... \*sunglasses\* Music.
*fucke'd
Hamster Dance
on MP 10 I end up with huge stacks of crap... the things I pick up on purpose are: Demonic Essences and Legendaries (only things I'll go out of my way for) Rings Amulets iLvl 63 weapons and armor (if it's convenient) I randomly end up with whites and blues in my inventory from clicking
i'm sure tampa would be more than happy to see prust in the lineup doing retarded shit again.
"I know nothing about you, so I judge you by your comments, and so far every comment I have read that was posted by you is weird."
"It's weird how she's getting destroyed then I see retards on facebook saying dumb shit like ""we dont care about emails"" LOL fuck national security I guess, getting that vagina in the white house is the most important thing to libtards."
Probably cause they don't give a fuck about us and our pop music.
This is my problem with laugh-tracks and the use of audiences in TV (like John Oliver).
Ihatemyjob1
Mei the Ripper D:
You're hired.
I though that much was busted
Nice bit of douchery in the comments section.
Opensecrets has their donors and expenditures BTW
Confirm!
I want to sell my weapons like my m9 bayou marble fade new using opskins but no one buys ;(
What's AH?
Mother of the year.
"I second this...I've *never* heard of ROVA, and I've lived all around this state."
Yo I heard you like wasting time
He hath sage words indeed.
Dat shameless clickbait
Just want them to revert his cigar
He's also mentioned in the article.
Or you could use Team Builder?
Both 7 and 20 nm is significantly smaller than 90-130 nm
"Not too bad but I live in a semi-rural part of the US, so there isn't a TON of stations clogging up the airwaves"
Architecture is like microeconomics and urban planning is like macro economics.
"I just wondering, are you by chance a *pleasure* model?"
Probably not popular opinion but if I want a truck I'll get a Chevy or GMC.
Ribbed for her pleasure.
wuddup doe
"Now that I read his statement again, it was a little bit vague, but the way I interpreted it was ""For everyone 98 people who don't make it, another two are ecstatic that they made it."""
^^^TRIGGERED
Sure it has.....
We did it reddit!
"Before it was removed from the game people would call it SotU, so that's helped it stick around."
It would happen at compile time regardless.
"I just don't feel like fighting moronic lost tourists to go anywhere, but hey, if that's your thing..."
why not move to england?
SUCK IT REGGIE
Join the Buffalo Bills
"Instead of people asking if it's worth it to shoot someone over property or self-defense, why don't we ask if stealing something or entering with the intent to harm is worth getting shot, killed or maimed."
tbh if the npcs name was more legit i might of fell for it coz a npc.
4 for bank spacers.... what?
Earth and Sky to be technical
k
Aww that dad with the two kids.
"You do not understand what kind of sausages I fatten clearly, and this seems like bribery of a government official."
"Deficio predicted that EDG would beat SKT, what a garbage analyst we as the community are tired of wannabe analysts like this Deficio guy."
Animal rights breh
"A wild Tumblrina appears, Tumblrina uses cis hate speech."
Sick whip on that
From what ive read about the localism in Oregon this sounds accurate.
Arkansas beat Florida handily
TSA.. yuck!
"YOU ALSO DIDN'T GET NOSE CANCER, SO ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL!"
upvoted for beating me to it.
I...... agree with.... you
"Like that old saying goes, the best time to plant a tree was ten years ago, the second best time is today."
Bacon!
Something attractive people may learn very early.
One more time pls?
To which specific lies do you refer?
"The most basic I can make it is that I apply the NAP, but I find private property to be a tool of oppression."
Cool collection :)
"Oh my gosh, how long did it take you to create that?"
RemindMe!
"There's also the fact that to an ancient guy in the desert who never ventures more than 5 miles from the place he was born in his entire life, a relatively insignificant regional flood would effectively be a worldwide flood."
No
you cheeky bastards...
"""free"""
"I'm actually a Vikings fan, so... I just happen to be supportive of the sport and all of the players that put their health at risk to do something that they love."
noob gains destroying clothing gains
Well my dad does keep all his jars of fat in the fridge.
Yeah its 1 ppr and what would you send as a lowball offer?
"Someone on twitter suggested ""Mike Czech Check""."
Wow... what a cool find.
"I mean the same thing happened with the Fappening so I don't know if it's necessary to compare GamerGate to hate groups for charities to not want their money, just groups with shaky morals or shitty people."
"wow, that's one way to headline this."
I *am* a competitive Smash player and it is impossible for me to understand what he does is real.
"If anything good could come of this, it could lead to a revamp of the original simply due to increased popularity regardless of whether it's forced or granted."
"At the very least, your installed apps should be at the top."
Git gud kid
October 2011--it's gonna be nasty.
Oh
"Crickets so far, I'm also curious about a statement from him."
"oh ty, that explains a lot"
It is my understanding he means that just because my gear is 400mg/ml and painless to me doesn't mean it's (the 400) is painless to someone else.
"Even tho I know this to be true, I still put the covers on at travel centers (airports, train stations, rest stops, etc)"
They are blood thinners that would prevent clotting formation after a brown snake bite.
Oh Yeah
"Reactor is leaking, please add water to avoid nuclear runaway"
Some camera reviews provide raw sample files.
Yes?
"""COMMUNISM IS A TEMPORARY SETBACK ON THE ROAD TO FREEDOM!"""
Now Avery can come back to America and raise Liddy.
Religion sometimes has the habit of blinding people and calling it faith.
*90th minute
Star Wars is fantastic
I still think it's funny that half of the python gods don't even agree with the other half on whether or not the GIL is broken.
You can buy anything in this world for money!
Hopefully this is resolved soon
Sounds like the tag line for a shitty hotel.
"...unless you list it as ""Organic All Natural Home Made Upcycled OOAK Pillow Case""."
"This video clearly needed the customary ""Let the bodies hit the floor."""
Por que no los dos?
How long did this take is it fully cooked?
You have a superpower.
"I have a video beard, although I am one of the few..."
Nope.
I (I think luckily) missed that story.
Royal Society for the Protection of Bananas?
"Weird, I have been updating instagram but still have the old logo"
Unless its about a fetus.
At least six of those are crocheted!
Them 2 jokes died a long time ago.
The game is still technically in beta.
Remembering that Kansas went to Santorum in 2012 makes me feel a lot better.
You average two barrows pieces and s clue every other chest?
Classic Aleague Click-Bait
"I assume she's had her car vandalized at least once, if not many times."
delete this post please
That's me!
This better be worth it
"No sir, punjabis have less hate against Pakistani's than any other state."
Selenas deluxe tracks got both my 0 and my 11
Correction.. A cat and his body guard German Shepherd.
Twitter is telling him to fuck off
"After you beat DLC, will you use build for PvP or PvE?"
;) u no
But we hear Putin is personally on the case so I am sure the truth will come out soon.
Nice troll.
#PenguinMasterRace
QTWave
"Not gonna lie, no one can defend prime T-MAC except for lebron."
What division
I'll just assume you see my point.
Actually classical
"Good luck flunking out of school, Rivers Homo."
Jake at Royal Flesh and Adam Fox at Speakeasy are two of the best I've worked with.
"He's probably thinking ""damn son, this nigga gon need like 3 or 4 books"""
I look forward to the results of the investigation when they are announced mid-January
"Man Tracker, Backpacker, Cannibal - random airdrop"
Don Nelson's We Believe team was running small ball even before then
"I think everyone works with one of these guys, I definitely do, oldschool goth who thinks he's hot shit but is extremely sloppy, and forgets to wear deoderant even though HR's talked to him four times about it already this quarter"
Not enough popcorn in the world.
Do you think that other people think strokes are funny?
Is it a toner waste cartridge?
"More like taking smite because it's instant true damage to target ... then realizing targets can only be minions and monsters, not champions."
Well surely when all of those missionaries get home the numbers will start declining
"I know I am missing a great deal because I have not been there, but I don't understand how Hamas gets elected if Palestinians don't want war."
"Ah, so 'interred'"
"""It is primarily a development of UK garage, drum and bass and dancehall."""
That's more work than just using Gmail :-/
"Exactly, I plan on just chain activating extractions all over the map to confuse people."
I hear they win the championship if they win that game....
"just buy a good wired mouse, and a cheap wireless mouse, so you can use the wireless mouse when, well what ever you need the distance for, and the wired one for playing games"
"Mods can censor subs, but they can't censor everything, is what I meant."
"Thank you, a lot of web sites are just trying to sensationalize science a little too much."
HO YOU TALK TOO MUCH
I think I've missed something what happened with Wu?
A QuattroSting
"Meknes isn't a gold mine, it's Tafilalt."
can someone explain the error that is happening rn?
$420 - totally stolen and the thief is purchasing weed with the profit.
Yeah it's annoying :(
Makes a great gift!
Cheers mate.
Wait that's not the right song.
Nope I've had a few over the past few months.
My favourite is the moon monkeys.
Blitzhug?
Igloo furnishings with little eskimo minions
Then again we were much more open when we played the diamond
And Lance $troll...
"sorry forgot they are still cursed ps: to be honest, players dont mean anything in competitive if there isnt a good comunication between the team."
And here I though I was perfectly OK and didn't have to wory about rushing things
It's a fucked up world we live in that this even exists.
There was a meetup?
One of the posts I saw was about a child who supposedly died after being given thirteen vaccines and the other was about the government trying to normalize GMO's and chemtrails by putting them in movies and video games (although some people in the comments disagreed and thought the game makers put this stuff in their games to warn us.)
"You do realize that if the Pope is right Senator Sanders will burn in hell for all eternity for denying the son of God, right?"
He probably got stuck in the front door so the suicide bomber wasn't able to get in.
The problem is that people should not be able to buy influence over government.
Fortress of Solitude
lol clueless
"Because a majority of Reddit is white, American, idealist."
"Last game I pre-ordered and even went to the midnight release was for Battlefield 3 (pc) and I was definitely disappointed hence the reason I don't pre-order anymore, and play anything EA."
"Use some tint film instead, that way you keep the indicator"
"Nope, and the funny thing is that Selkath are chaotic pacifists, it's weird to see one all ready to kick ass with a blaster."
provocateur strat
*click*
Yeah girl if you still need to chat I gotchu
*Oblate Spheroids*
I'm sure Putin will have something to ~~say~~ bomb about it.
And ppl are stupid enough to buy them (the skins i mean)
"Yup whenever I realize Jim Dolan is still the owner, I can't shake that feeling that the light at the end of the tunnel is actually a freight train that I am on a collision course with."
Because consoles/mobile are more convenient for jumping right in.
I don't think I could voice an unbiased opinion on this...
With the batteries it is not impossible.
Check the edit.
"Order some custom New Balance 574s, 996s, or 998s."
Wat
and here i was thinking the fat is objectively superior in every possible way because it can take hard drives
This is almost as good as the Rubio bot malfunction
Mustang isn't my favorite car but damn is that car nice
"Sorry, I was experiencing psychic indigestion!"
how does it feel losing to sub-humans?
"OP's just talking about how the thrusters fire, not how the ship responds."
"A pinch of salt and laughter, too"
/cry lol
Do we need any more proof that Zionist-Jews abuse Facebook on multiple levels... the least of which is having entire pages removed/banned/disabled?
They're just translating his videos.
"*eats it* ""Uh Lilly, maybe you should go to Scotland after all."""
It's ported for Vita?
"This is the first time the Monk has appeared in the 8th Doctor box sets, but yes, you should listen to it."
What is this joke?
alright np xD
What about a non-profit that hasn't been approved by the CRA yet?
who goes out in this scenario Portugal or Germany
By a mediator.
MAGA64
"It's not edge, it's pretty much a well known fact if you've been playing oldschool since it came out."
Way to tell me how my past 17 years have went.
"As soon as my son can hit adult size clubs I'll be having a set of these made for him, he's a blue fanatic."
I just do not understand why managers do this They tell us not since we are enforcing their rules but I guess they do not apply to them
"Free speech, no matter how unpopular it might be is being censored because it is exactly that: unpopular"
3D printers would self replicate if given the chance.
"Move along sir, nothing to see here."
"I'd recommend starting Miggy at 3rd, and playing Clark at 1st."
Dude you're totally going to be able to see the top of the Tabernacle from that thing.
Thank you!
"this is contradictory, too, to them removing the active from muramana, because ""no one managed it well"""
Not right now you don't.
Isn't the point of conversion therapy to reduce the number of gay people?
*CROWD_SMALL_CHIL_EC049202*
I don't think you can guarantee that
Can has been really bad at CB though (he was most to blame in the 6-1 to Stoke).
you realize that the UK has the same if not more watchful eye on their citizens than the US does right?
"Next task, see if you can land yourself ON the ship!"
I was referring to people ignoring the signs.
"In my experience of having a long beard, I'm never happy with it after having someone else trim it."
"Good guy to trade up with, a target for Power Overwhelming, Sergeant, etc."
She is beautiful.
"I use muriatic acid, The grass will grow back!"
I would hit that like the fist of an angry god.
found the lawyer.
What words would be better?
Unlike us they haven't unlocked the secrets behind the backwards b. No but seriously I have no idea.
"What I meant is if the OP did refund his karma into boxes, he has a quite larger sample size than you and his results cannot be used for you to say you're unlucky (or he's lucky) ;) He simply opened like twice as much as you :D"
"Oh I like that, I'm using that now."
Rule 3.
You're gonna have to dig deeper than that.
It really doesn't.
It's at least better than his usual anti-vaccination and anti-GMO tirades.
superman 4 taught us everything we need to know.
"That's pretty odd, if it occurs only when using teh controller UI, with all addons off, you need to report this bug to ZoS."
I fucking died!
Dale Carnegie would be proud.
"At a certain point, being desperate is not meme-worthy anymore man.."
You should wear something while you're cooking her... you might burn your penis on the stove.
"Nope, only US."
"Tabzz got carried hard, all of his games were ""Lock KogMaw and let Froggen senpai protect you"" Rekless has mechanics."
Word to ya mutha!
The majority of these photos would have been avoided if the parents actually did their job properly.
"So, nothing then?"
You might want to use that module for the Yorck to decrease the atrocious turret traverse as much as possible.
Totally unqualified and yet still able to train the one to fill the job too... what a laugh.
His left hand?
"Everything looks to be under control, carry on."
I've dropped turds that looked better than that hand.
"Keep us updated, brother."
What the fuck
"Bohemia Interactive might, but the game will have goofy ARMA problems."
True... more than likely though Roadhog wasn't their favorite person right then and there lol.
"Because then it wouldn't really be fit for this sub now, would it?"
ecks dee lol
Why Johnny gotta be black tho?
omg guyz I try now I stuck in cart WTF
What a fascinating and detailed rebuttal!
"whew, thanks for taking those comments back man"
The hardest part about measuring Trump's package is sneaking a ruler into Chris Christie's mouth.
"Not asking for help, just bitching."
Burrs
I was waiting for him to put a gun in his mouth the whole time.
"Chineck ko ung twitter followers natin may nakafollow na clairebretana, sya kaya un haha"
not always
He committed sudoku
"Yup, this looks to be the new plan."
Have you ever sucessfully nosepick with your tounge?
thats basicly converting over to x nationality
This is the pack leader of all of the bike events you see in cities.
"Or someone with another reproductive disorder, like PCOS."
You can use it until you gather enough souls to boost another weapon above it damage wise.
I think it was what he was suggesting.
How ztupid.
Stop trying to make ARTPOP happen!
"Yeah, plus that kid Harvard University (out of DeVry) is probably going to knock Cartoons to 2nd string."
That's like having an engine that you detach rather than shut off.
"I was at American tyre and auto, 8 hour wait."
The jealousy is strrrong bud
smh i can't believe u done dis smh
Thank you I love you
"TFW mermaids wake you and you drown goddammit mermaids I was gonna go to the sawdust restaurant tonight for oyster shells, but noooooooo"
February 17th you'll get it
"It is agile and small, just increase the size of your relative reference frame."
Do they taste like normal cherry tomatoes?
"Obligatory ""Nintendo was founded in the 1800s"""
Dat troll proportioning.
TEST have titans?
I was looking over some forums where there were posts about these drum table stereos and there were some comments saying they sounded better than expected.
Oh god I am dying here as you know that's exactly what he thought.
Maybe he blue screened
no
What a saint.
Who wouldn't want to fondle boobs all day if you have to spend the rest of your life in a small cell?
Top kek!
LOL THE WAY HE WALKED AWAY [*] rip T
"Are we gonna forget ""You got the swag sauce, she drippin' Swagu"""
"Oh ok, I didn't know that (never seen a spy use it in MvM)"
YOU BOUGHT YOUR CLOTHES AT THE PORTLY GENTLEMAN USED CLOTHING STORE
"Yes, they are all OCBD's."
"Seriously, ""When your with me, then everything's alright..."" Excuse me, I need a drink now..."
He made no comment other than being in Fremont surrounded by flocks of Model Xes.
Thanks Obama
Private Damage
but that's so vulgar!
And the US fined all those other banks in the past 6 years in anticipation?
I really wish they could find time to get back together and do another I&amp;G EP or even an LP.
Did he actually say this?
Do you know how many sandwiches aren't going to be made because of this stupid rote tradition?
"A con artist, wait that may not be an acting role for a politician."
The hivemind says it sucks so that must be the truth!
This should all be in his syllabus right?
"Remember about the rules for announcements during the WS, so official word is going to wait until after it's over."
"With that logic, I'd still be playing years from now."
This is the highest rated post I have ever seen......
It's a joke.
What an appropiate user name.
"Having worked on the circadian expression of mitochondrial proteins in mice, I can confirm that mice run like little Swiss ""coucou"" clocks..."
Get this man a presidential office!
DJT bout to catch these hands
Nope we sure weren't
Yeah Arya.
MOTION SUPPORTED.
"As a rein main, this is the dream!"
Okay.
"I can't tell who is crying harder, the babies being held by Don the Con, or the ConMan himself."
What is your basis for assuming Louisville would have been better?
This is what you'll get
My butt would fall off
Why is Congress overwhelmingly red?
No
"You're not familiar with the phrase, ""Give them an inch and they'll take a mile,"" are you?"
Please explain.
"S(he)'s in denial, but truth can be a funny magnet."
But that means she has responsibilities!
Me too :(
Do the non-Police staff make up the majority of employees and have as much access as the police staff?
Oh no I didn't know I'm so sorry
"In the words of Justin Wall, ""Never rock a face hit"""
"I don't get how people who claim to be freethinking atheists, who claim to understand emergent phenomenon like natural selection in biology find it hard to understand the same concept in trade."
"Lmao there is a complete lack of ""haters"" in this scenario"
"You can use the ""comment"" function to type notes on the PDF itself in Adobe Reader as well."
"I don't hang my clothes because I can't afford a dryer, I hang them because it's better for the clothes"
"Running iOS 7 looks like, at least an iPhone 4, possibly 4S."
maybe not a longer delay for the m8 but maybe lower the damage slightly if anything
Buzlok homing beacon is now hitscan.
Yep they are both owned by Progressive Enterprises.
"GOd I hope so, spent like 1.5 hours trying to find somebody to play yesterday, 2 out of the 3 people I found had shit for ping :("
"Also ""Donald, son of Fred, son of Frederick, true King within the White House."""
"Yeah I'm in the same boat, not sure what the issue is but it's obviously not client side."
"Preorders existed in the past because there was an actual fear of the game running out before you try to buy them physically, but now the companies themselves already overstock so that does not happen and digital distribution is unnafected by that anyways."
Moe played pro in GO
"Ermahgerd, pernis!"
GCSU
dwight powell wrote this?
Agreed.
^
"It's some weird healthier variety, I refuse to touch it."
It's because they're pretty much copying WoW.
We're really gonna need a source on this one.
oh could I have a link to that?
My favorite movie
"You're right, TIL, the Germans had about 30 tons of Tabun gas alone"
"Maybe they will starve to death and rid us of themselves, the idiot primitives that they are."
I am definitely not an expert like some on here but I would say as long as they don't look like dress shoes and the jeans are nice it should look fine.
That or just ignore it
"Heh, I'm from Klausenburg (nowadays Cluj-Napoca), it's heart-warming to read about someone from across the ocean eating ""varza a la Cluj""."
Are you coming to Carleton University anytime soon by any chance?
"Why not just make 10 the best, and then change the scale around that?"
Are people expecting the Pope to *condone* pedophilia?
Lol.
I wish we had one of those
"Someone has to breed these dogs.. unfortunately, at the moment, the wrong people are."
We have a club team?
"Plot twist: the cat poisoned the girl's drink, but the guy picked up the wrong one..."
Are we flooding the sub with shit posts?
But everybody in this thread is.
Beautiful.
"4.5, I'm mixed race, so I'm only half a white shitlord, although they got me on redditor, egalitarian, male, and brony"
"Fair enough, just miscommunication I guess."
OP is kill
"It's not that I don't want that to be the case, it's just hard for me to imagine Arya killing like 50+ Freys without anyone else noticing first."
that's not what that means.
CNN ran something about black market sells of AK-47s (USSR surplus) a create was going for $400 US.
You sound like a fun guy to play with.
Either an old Mercedes or a pickup truck.
I want to make certain this does not include Social Security and Medicare tax (deductions from our paychecks and what our employer also pays)
As a flaming liberal... I'm sorry those guys make you look bad.
"You make it sound like they **must** confirm any and all of the President's nominees - in which case, why would the Senate be involved at all?"
Netflix needs a 'surprise me' button
Yeah because the best way to hire a good new offensive coordinator is to keep around a lame duck coach who is obviously going to lose his job one year from now
"My friend is having no issues, so it seems like a specific issue in my instance of the game."
"Shit posts all day, every day in r/cricket, but we are quite proud of that."
"Surely you realize that not 100% of the information that is reported in the immediate aftermath of a chaotic, emotional situation is not entierly accurate?"
"Yeah, it would be prudent to delete it."
Low tide is the best tide
"It seems as though you're pumping the slot machine, and someone else comes along and pulls the lever after you've left."
Is epic Mickey any good?
"Greetings to your wife, and kerp up the good work!"
Not with that attitude
A 90s hip hop band consisting of two child rappers who wore their clothes backwards and inside out.
"Restaurant where I live called ""somewhere"""
Was the free market not responsible for a cheap alternative becoming available almost immediately?
I hope you guys are enjoying your 'achche din'.
You and me both bub
"That's heavy, doc."
"I shorten my name, but shortening it the way I do is very common."
prolly cos you're the only region that takes it seriously.
"Read that as ""My friend died"" and saw someone laying down in the thumbnail."
Thank you!
"That isn't the problem people had with the films, it was what was in between the cinematography"
Did you just admit that you'd be contradicting yourself if you answered honestly?
"Leffler, Sadler, Kahne, and Jarrett"
Montreal is in Quebec which is 18 so she was fine to drink there
"I was waiting at the lights on my bike once and this guy next to me in a car just flicks his ciggie butt out the window right next to my foot, I should have said something."
Boobs usually do the trick.
"OOC: PACMAN DON'T CARE, PACMAN EAT."
*according to the US District Court for the Northern District of Ohio /mutters something about headline activism
You da best &lt;3
"""Show me what you got!"""
I was honestly expecting a lot more of these on here today.
"I'm sure they are, but they want to be able to use their name and get money off of it, they want better education, and most importantly, they want to be taken care of in case of injury."
and buy the Flying Circus box set.
rip
Spaceballs.
Can I get a plate tho?
Worlds smallest article on the worlds smallest petrol engine
Shallow
AWW HELL YES MY FUCKING CHILDHOOD UP IN THIS BITCH!
Shots!
So beggars just get to die if they can't make it to the shelter.
I would also recommend psycho pass
"EVE online is built on stackless python.. Far from ""concept-only."""
I didn't know people pinky promised each other after the age of 12!
"If you become the new Mark Zukerburg, I'll be back..."
"Cheap housing easily becomes ghettos, but ghettos are also a kind of concentration camp where people get trapped."
How was it with the rice tho?
Is that Pat Mullins in the corner?
UK seems to be the only country to say Kosovans.
There is more mercury in a single piece of tuna sushi than in one vaccine....
Goldeen evolves in to Seaking!
"Hammond before and after a night of drinking, here is your future now."
lol
Free Company ...
Which is retarded.
#AND HIS DAD WAS A MAILMAN
So I can activate with T-Mobile then cancel it?
"it should just go to a gif that says ""i dont believe you"" from anchorman"
"Yeah, that's not funny."
"The death Star wasn't built in a day, he'll come eventually"
Maybe OP told his wife to not let him check work email often to relieve stress?
There is literally NO sexy way to hack up a hair while you're making the sexy time with your girls.....girl parts...
"Hey slicked, what's up?"
I was happy that it was one of the few times in modern American horror that they didn't wuss out on the ending.
You can get a map that will show you where all the trucks are located when you get to the entrance.
"dream on brotha, dream on."
"I mean, if I remember correctly Forza 5 starts you off with a selection of *modern sports cars* Previous titles you had to rock that econobox for the first few championships People who want everything all at once need some sort of arcade mode so they can play with everything at once"
Yeah... I would watch that show.
"Suddenly, eating a fresh 6"" sub takes on a whooooole new meaning."
Boycott the the NYT out of business.
Hahahaha.
Lemurs?
please don't use the Minecraft portal texture pack cores in the real game
shh is okay
Yeah
The Krazy just stands for Krazy expensive
"So based on previous performances, we want the Panthers to get up for the next 2 games right?"
Easy peasy: Hide it in .rar in some random game folder
"Plot twist: The cat sends the burning candle flying, so you catch the burning candle, the cat and phone, only to stumble and land on a unicycle, so you juggle the cat, the phone, and the candle whilst riding a unicyle....could happen."
"Sorry, Nisha..."
"I was thinking Dice,Unreal / Crytek It's a shame that so many crappy games use the Unreal engine."
Maybe the democrats should have explained their platform instead of calling anyone who dared to question them a sexist racist xenophobe.
"I mean, that happens in a normal game too, and I don't have trouble with it..."
cool!
It's also better as more people will subscribe because it's a better option if you want all the Monstercat music
"Because it implies he wants to eat her, and cannibalism really creeps people out!"
"""Here's another picture of Bailey's but a little closer."""
"1.3 is really high for nickel, are you sure it's not .13?"
Congrats man!
"Sure have lol, even hard to get those."
"I mean, the police violence probably has a little more to do with hate than pokemon go tickets..."
"""B-But Russian hackers intervened"" Convenient excuse for a party and their media lackeys who lost an election after pressuring the other side beforehand to accept the election results no matter what."
Isn't that the movie where they used CGI to reduce the size of her breasts?
"Viticulture is amazing and with **Tuscany: Essential Edition** coming out next month, it's good to get acquainted to this game."
put a dual wield on him and you'll break the game
#what?
BOFA DEEZ NUTS!
"Usually i like old concept cars, bjt this one is kind of ugly."
This should be on r/upliftingnews
Better to come now before it gets worse
pretty sure the 50 cent wells are keeping the bar scene alive...
It would be for profit
"Depending on condition, I'd say $100-130"
"From time to time living in Europe turns out to be very convenient, yeah."
"Chrome, chrome does."
"I'm here to drink milk and kick ass, and I'm all out of... oh, wait."
"Sir, is this craft registered ?"
I've played the game myself and beat all the routes There's no reason this game should be capped at 30fps 2 features have been stripped from akiba's strip PC version
"...and then when some lose their tax-exempt status and still won't comply, they will be subjected to other forms of coercion."
I'll tell you in 4 years.
"If you're an audiophile that's serious about the performance of your turntable system, then you should probably own some test records for calibration and measurement."
That guy looks like he parties
"it would be just as nice if they didn't have that 5"" divot on the bottom so you don't get jipped half the bottle."
dent it back with a hammer.
suppressed memories perhaps?
Maybe good?
"Haha that's fair, it is an important distinction between the two and you're correct."
This exactly.
"DragonBall, B."
New system: anybody wears what anybody wants
Really good photshop or bug?
Isn't he retiring after this season?
I feel like I'm missing a joke?
Show us how your frame is strong and you're in control again.
nt favela
Watching women squirting.
"just curious, for stereo-typing purposes?"
So edgy
yea the hero is pretty much exclusively aoe
"i dunno, i can't imagine him being a good actor"
aw .. one happy family?
"She got through the primary debates fine, and that was only a few months ago."
Get McKissinger on the line.
Someone suggested to Nelson add the Trello Trees Was it you?.
10 dollars.
I spy a Lil Dicky reference?
"I CRAI SOMETYUMS WHEN IAM LYEEN IN BED, JUSTA GETTIT ALL OUT, WAS IN MY HEAD!"
Magnets as souvenirs from all the different cities and countries we get to travel to from not spending money on diapers and formula.
"""Hey, what if everything was like the Red line?"""
*3/5's*
"yeah, it's a joke in wich europe believe, italy are still waitng for Regeni's truth"
"of course you are getting double teamed by both factions, every faction is &lt;.&lt;"
But Early Open Beta bruh!
Old version of FreeBSD to the rescue!
*Slow clap*
because part of the contract we sign with the insurance company states that we cannot charge more to patients with insurance.
"Really, I guess you missed the gigantic thread about 22 Minutes horrible attempt at humour?"
so yes.
"Carr, Ezekiel, Brees"
it's gone from a newspaper covering both sides of an issue into an advocacy rag.
"If you live in a common wealth country or former common wealth country it is what you do :) Freaking loved the place tho.... Well London anyways, Liverpool was .... interesting."
Librul media.
Atheism flies into your subreddits.
It's all fun and games till someone takes a Ben Wah ball to the face.
Oop fair point.
I'm going too vote as many times as they'll let me.
"I'm a yes, but James Kelly's headlines do make me cringe a bit sometimes :D He's better in the meat of the texts though."
"don't ever become someone's wife or milf, there are enough of those here and you look way better than them."
"Yeah, there would be a huge rise in the number of PF locations and their pizza days."
Yeah considering my 2200+ base score only netted me 4th in the last contest they did for this and that required a nail biting close game were I was 1 v 2 CVs at the start and barely won I can't imagine what the winner who scored over 2500 did.
You should have seen the staircase.... (J^k^^it^^^was^^^^empty)
It's not grass...
Tax collectors
"200KiB memory, so not in all dimensions."
This is the DNC reminding you of a real democrat Mario Cuomo and how they don't make em like they used to anymore.
"Shit, Mariokart 9 looks awesome."
Emperor's new groove
Already have Platinum
"Hockey fan so I'm a bit biased but Tyler Seguin and Jaime Benn are pretty high on that list, also Chris Pratt ever since he got in shape for guardians, and I can't forget huge Jackman"
"yeah, I think a better option is a money order."
Are you familiar with Paul Perilo?
"I wouldnt be too worried, I don't see Acer winning anyway :\"
Winning doesn't mean much if you're dead.
D) has a fetish of public mustard humiliation
Religion.
So what about identical twins?
You were that asshole!
"It's random, but there will be other non-random ways to get them Eventually^TM , so you can wait for that if you're patient."
Best way to play :)
Saw that coming a mile away...
And a lot of shitty geocities websites
Seeing as Wikipedia is more accurate then the encyclopedia Britannica I'd count it as a good source.
"Oh jeez, it was just a joke."
Walk in a straight line until you can see him stop and throw hook then immediately begin moving perpendicular to the hook.
Fuck off with the onions ^^I'm ^^actually ^^just ^^a ^^pussy
Hahaha friends kayo nila coffee?
You realize we just made it to cable television right?
"I'm late, but my last name is Duck."
Tell me more about how you are an expert in every field ever.
"I won't lie, I have taxed the shit out of my kids tonight."
While on a business trip to Vietnam in '07 I did a similar thing.
"I mean the new Mgla, Satan, and Iron Maiden hype trains are already going at full force."
yeah it apparently wasn't just one you don't have as I just got another slayer card...
"Sometimes I get the impression from this sub that, ""If you don't watch every single piece of MCU footage then you're a filthy casual"""
Yes this is what I was thinking
"He didn't, but in the video he reaches for his waistband right after the police officer shows up."
Do you honestly think there's a 5 percent chance he'll get the nomination?
"It was the typical ""Incurable Cough of Death"" trope that you see in so many books, shows, and movies."
"Fire sale, and 'Near Death Experience' We all went down in the teleporting glitch to the boss fight, and would be ducked without this amazing GG"
It would also feel like your back is being raped over every bump.
"You posted this at the time of 2 threads regarding Evolve being on the front page, come on man."
Neither does murder or rape.
sure it'll absolutely be older voters fault if we get trump since they nominated the candidate under fbi investigation with record high unfavorables that even democrats don't like.
"Hooters, bw3, they should be playing it"
Maybe they are being honest for a change.
Teague will help us to the promise land.
Sure...i don't care anymore
It can't download anything that isn't loaded on your client.
That's because the update came out before you joined.
We're all pinball wizards now.
Straight outta troop 213
Master rice
"Good riddance, not writtens."
Source on your sources?
Could be for sure.
incorrectly used dank memes?
k den
"Ahhh, I can see that."
"As an Eve player, I'd happily slap this sticker on my car."
By the holy light!
"UFC planned it, so they should get credit"
"I dunno, our basketball team seems to be doing pretty damn well this year."
bye
A+ commentary by buck and pat too
"yeah, a concede option"
Even with i170 and some i180 solo healing Ravana wasn't hard.
well... you tried
klayyyyy lmao
So you disagree with Sanders?
"Never noticed that, I usually just shoved about 20 scientists onto one project and then switched to the next until I'd upgraded everything."
"Baez is a smarmy bastard, but he did a good job considering."
Commodore 64 VST plugins****
Autism is a hell of a thing.
"New Orleans to Boise on August 2, LOL"
"It's not the hero the Fempire needs, but it's the hero they deserve."
The day that men can wear shorts and short sleeved shirts as smart formal clothes in offices is the day women can complain that the AC is too low.
"Hey, the link doesn't seem to be working anymore."
You're godamn right - FMA:BH dub was perfect.
ProTip: Delete your facebook account and increase your happiness by 1000%.
Adopted?
"What doesn't make sense to me, is that a man can wear feminine clothing and act femininely every day, and they aren't considered transgender, but if they go up on a stage then they are considered transgender."
Or they reuse costumes because they cost money.
At first I thought your cameras color was way off but then I realized that WRX is pumpkin status.
Oh my god get out.
"That is very funny title when the only radio available is conservative talk radio, yes that includes our very libertarian NPR."
Then the captain was promptly tried in court of failing to meet safety standards which mandate they have to have enough life vests on board for everybody.
"Ah i see, i guess i missed that!"
Yeah it would really suck to give workers a bigger say in their worke environment.
See you on the course!
"I don't know the ins and outs of every weapon in the game, but I'd be willing to bet a hyper-mode Leo ring counter with a Profaned Greatsword's fully charged R2 will put up some of the highest numbers."
"Is this now, the Yellow Jacket Social Club bar?"
"The thing is, 99.99 is not the same as 99.9999999999..."
I've always wanted to Jump Around in Wisconsin.
To demonstrate this i bet if you unplug the throttle the issue fits away
Georgia resident checking in -- I've heard people tell kids this my whole life.
"Well, there was that one time we elected an actor, so there's something of a precedent."
"definitely on my agenda, from what I can see, you don't exist if you don't have one :)"
FeelsBadMan but at the same time FeelsGoodMan
"First time i went to New York (I',m Canadian) i thought it was some secret CIA building hidden in plain sight"
Dunno maybe he's using an MP40 you need 1/2 a mag to take people down with chest shots wearing armour with that thing.
Yeah but you don't want every person thinking it's okay to do.
Bitcoin miner maybe
Certainly not spending enough on infrastructure...
Praise be.
"Even cheaper is Dramamine (US brand name), which is practically the same drug."
I think Karthus doesn't have any good matchups in this meta
I have a large lunar tee in black from last season
maybe someone else can translate it
"Because even with their horrible gameplay, Achievement Hunter still played the objective fairly well (especially with Ryan leading the leaderboard with the most points); not to mention the incredible amount of kills the entirety of Cow Chop racked up."
"Agreed, that wasn't my recommendation, just found this in my news feed and had a laugh."
'Tis why I have that URL memorized.
I wanted so badly to believe
"Assuming your PI is willing to let you get more involved, does more time in lab translate to a better chance of getting published, or making a contribution that I can actually talk about?"
Awesome friend to loan you a bike!
"LOL, what?"
"Not only were they not exclusive, they weren't even DATING."
Thank you!
Username checks out
"you will get a better answer by finding people that actually have a crown on the scope, they dont pop up very often!"
Democracy in action!
"When you stare into the abyss, the abyss stares back."
So...Aloha should have had more black and hispanic people is what you're saying?
That's not even a contest.
Ooh please review/mini- review!
"And the ""V"" would have a bit of ""F"" in it."
Yeah I watched through the whole thing waiting for the hilarious consequences.
Only those with their head in the sand can't see this movement has been hijacked.
"Nooooo, I needed a new identity after being an asshole to people!"
Sly cameo please
"Moved around internationally or in the U.S, because you sound pretty American."
"Or people just learned to be patience, becasue we all know they will come out sooner or later, when doesnt really matter..."
Sharp enough to puncture the hull of an empire-class Fire Nation battleship?
The problem is that those who would need to lead those efforts to change society that way has very little to gain from it.
Vel'Koz is asexual?
"Phew, everything's alreich now"
Mistake #1: using facts and logic.
"""***Damn, Kanye***"" -Kanye West"
It's kind of weird that you know that O-Line is playing well when you DON'T hear their names during the game.
"Frequently called ""moving the goalposts""."
Solid reference.
"THAT should be the way the dungeon spawns, or at least be a possible variation."
Description of the mugger for us daily commuters?
But not lupus
People said the same thing about Gabbert
You have no idea what you are talking about lol
Why are there people who create these images
Except take them I guess.
rekt
You have been added to the list
(s)he may have been serious.
I wish people at work would stop asking me why I take the stairs and why I actually open the door with my hands instead of being a lazy POS and hitting the handicap button.
Buzzfeed... Gross
STOP YELLING
If teaching respect and acceptance is social engineering so be it
Motorcycle I assume (and hope)
"Trouble is, they usually do, in addition."
"I'll check it out, thank you!"
Butthurt conservatives frequently make that mistake.
I have an SD2SNES and probably getting an everdrive for the N64 next
"you should watch Angel Beats, really easy to binge watch and the shortest in that list (13 episodes)"
Run brate.
"Yup, they lost me at that."
"Supers for the main deck monsters, ultra for the spells and traps and secret for the fusions would be dope"
nobody knows...
To be honest he wasn't really celebrating his win.
Until you try to shut them up.
...for MVP.
The really dangerous part is that they aren't wearing reflective belts.
Yes I was generalizing.
FOREVER AND EVER
Is that what they say about yours?
Ours are compulsory (unless you write an exemption so they're actually not that compulsory).
The USSR is responsible for killing more innocent people than the holocaust though.
"In his case, I'd lean more towards Angels in the Outfield."
You got the gap-tooth?
"DMR is a 5-shot weapon, so why didn't the final kill have a star in the killfeed?"
FUCK that's hot.
They must love lamp.
"I'm not sure if it was his first play through or not, but he got an option for killing an old man or sparing him after getting past the robots and exploring around new vegas."
What?
It shows you in the screen after a game in the tab overview
Matthew Broderick in a War Games sequel?
"I agree, but the same could easily be said about the two teams on your flair."
fetus does not equal unborn child.
Sydney Opera House sucks?
Yeah I've made that mistake before.
"I'm sure there were falsehoods from both campaigns during the primaries between Clinton and Sanders, there's no way Sanders never lied about Clinton, and according to Politifact he has before."
Ginger magnificence.
Oneth
The 8% dream
The Bible (various).
are you
"Yeah, but why would they have doctors grade these?"
Given Theresa's determination I expect her to ram the country off the cliff and trigger A50.
"If you're talking about what I think you're talking about, that actually was a meme..."
The LTE doesn't make it any harder to compile once the vendor and device trees are made up (as they are now).
"well the thing is it does have two welsh teams, but we don't call it a world series."
Perhaps she thinks Hillary supporters are calling from ancient Rome.
"If the price is lower from Amazon, and they have a faster shipping time, why are you even asking?"
Wasn't there a case in NY where they threw an innocent teenager into Rickers after he refused a plea?
"Dang, and here I thought I was lucky getting a tabulas at level 7 lol"
Dang... I am 0 negative.
It was tongue in cheek since the infamous calling in of he RAV4 plates were done on his cell phone and not on his Police Radio.
It feels like they want this game to be some Korean MMO grindfest.
Rusev confirmed wavy.
I just wish they updated more often than once every six months (slight exaggeration - but there was one time I was certain they'd disbanded it was so long without any content).
"That just ... it sounds so remarkably awkward, I'd be afraid of hurting myself from cringing so hard."
They keep throwing interceptions and nobody's going away with a blowout.
"Plus we don't riot in our own neighborhood, we do our rioting downtown."
This could easily go in r/depression.
I thought people on this subreddit knew how to take screenshots.
"That ""rugby ball"" is pretty brown and lace-y if you ask me..."
because soon it will not be
The one from Reading Rainbow!
It's alright we all have been there
Fuck
More like village drunk retard
"Cali here, we say Meer-r"
"Not calling everyone you disagree with a xenophobic, hateful, racist, misogynist with them not actually being one"
As if American citizens have *any* influence in the governance of this country.
"I, for one, like cheese, but I don't surrender to trolls like you."
The incident in question will be found in an hour.
Would you consider your drinking to be a problem?
Has Jeff Garcia retired yet?
You look hot
Probably something bad...out for the year
Because she's a loan whore.
"While this seems interesting, can you please elaborate for us the applications of these shows to geopolitics?"
"Also cuz this is Westbrook and not dray, griffin or CP3"
"If you die committing a home invasion in Texas, the obituary lists cause of death as suicide."
"Janice, I thought you didn't give a fuck..."
I don't think I'll ever be able to drive a truck.
My hands had a small orgasm when I held an ICE
"It could be Brazil 2008, some people believe that Timo Glock intentionally let Lewis Hamilton through to take the title, but actually he had no choice in the matter as he was on the dry tyres in the pouring rain and could barely drive."
Thanks!
Annndd you're broke Mickey.
And I'm sure the thousand years or so of agnatic primogeniture in the peerage has nothing to do with the tax distribution.
Did somebody say taco bell?
sorry but i cant thing about anything else than this being an asshole
Nice cable management!
Piggy bank
We won?
RIP overhyped D3 PvP
Did they figure out how to use your credit card or did they pay in toys and treats?
"love black people, tired of niggas"
"Don't convert to ref, you wanna save your ref, convert those to keys, and as soon as you can, get yourself a bud."
Thank you!
Some times I bust out the old crt so I can get the delicious 85hz
Cunt is basically a treasonous traitor as far as I'm concerned.
"results = work * intelligence + talent where talent is the already acquired skills that crossover (for example, doing a lot of math can grant some of the logical thinking required to be a programmer)."
Cool thanks for the advice.
Google Mormon garment images
SO GOOD!
"Their bootstraps were watered-logged from all the ""trickle-down"" economics."
"Konami... Ok, sorry first if I give nightmares tonight."
He said no butter....
Don't be an idiot
Texan (*sigh*) checking in to confirm...
"The algorythm that determines which tiles to acquire is based on the movement points required to get to that tile, so plains are easy, hills are harder, and mountains are hardest."
"If he were 19-20, ok, i would give him the benefit of the doubt, but he's 24, he could still get better, but Messi/Cristiano were miles ahead of him at the same age."
Though apparently he also was mean to people.
"Exactly, that's what I thought."
Either way it's tough
"Considering that place is on 290.. and unless that photo was flipped, you're heading East on 290, heading away from Austin.."
I'm pretty sure you could make a storage unit out of a microwave.
I feel the same way.
This is great thanks man.
"I made cardstock cutouts in small-blast size; printed them out, have a nice green mist with a deathguard symbol in it."
"A lot of times its called a Mad Men cut, or an Ivy League"
"Suicide is free at all ages, all you have to do is attack a police officer."
"Yeah, but the pennies were used to fund the guy that was then burnt in public, were they not?"
"Don't know why, but I see three of the exact same comment from you lol might want to delete the duplicates."
this isn't a tutorial i was mislead
"SOURCE, FOR SCIENCE...."
That's better.
that took me a sec to actually get
GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE
"Eh, not in the mood to get doxxed today."
will believe hillary is involved in sevret global child sex abuse ring because some 3 year old post on reddit won't believe the possibility trump probably sexually assaulted a bunch of women despite mountains of evidence
GARY FUCKING ANDERSON
"True, but the vast majority of INTs are completely the fault of the QB and many are at least somewhat the QBs fault."
Hey don't worry we will be handing them back some injured players for a kicker.
So what does he do exactly?
laws are not the end all be all of social issues it is judging by this thread
Not every retarded post on reddit is bait lmao
I am not sure how this gentleman is still employed with TPS?
I mean if you want a good view of how a game is you don't just delete the bottom scores you don't agree with.
"Quinn Cook is ""how is this dude still eligible?!?"""
Hope that wasn't serious
It's my own wedding dreams come true
wat
"Weak ass foul call, crazy alley oop"
Dis a gud ass movie AYY LMAO
"Make that 3, I still think the SRT Neon is the coolest sport compact."
"A bit of both lol, I hadn't played GP in awhile so it felt good to do well!"
If only this were a readily available option!
Is that how slime babies are made?
mwahahahahah good job crowd!
"...two weeks later, and I just thought you should know that I love you."
Only if you push it past 4GHz ;)
Like spamming Raven maxes and Lancers outside of render range isn't annoying as hell.
this ^
"6 farmed, 12 total."
"Well, that is pretty much all of my prejudices of Australians in one video"
"Am I the only one that calls 45-pound-weights simply ""forty-fives""?"
Same
Thanks a bunch!
"This was during the Instant Apps bit - she dropped the line at the end saying ""By the way - this was on Kit Kat."""
"Not quite, very close though."
Now I wish I was there with a bird finger puppet on my middle finger.
transexual prostitutes are probably in highest demand... case closed!
Amazings shots... I never get lucky of getting a pilot going straight line or very lol altitude =/
Being waterboarded off Guantanamo Bay.
I don't know much of anything
"This is what Private Messaging is for, dumbass."
Tabula Rasa is my go to Buffy episode.
Woah let's not get ahead of ourselves
What makes you a bad person is cheating and using people for money.
Johnny plz
That and outside of the main quest there is absolutely no direction whatsoever.
I'm firmly of the opinion that the only reason Ozzy is still alive is because Sharon won't let him die.
"Ironically, you *can* pull info from a pile of rubble."
"Seriously, do have some kind of mental issue?"
"Many maritime navigational aids include fog horns or bells, you may be hearing one."
This room looks like the space ship where I got probed.
"It's a shame it takes him 10+ years to pay attention to his own offspring, though."
"""I'm the most progressive candidate on this stage."""
You're an idiot.
That's Unidan's new account?
*holds up spork*
"Took an hour before I could get on a train this morning at hawksburn, insult to injury of the 7-or-so empty express trains that rolled past"
So half life 3 has existed for a while then?
original?
How... how did you know I did exactly that?
A president doesn't call a 13 year old girl a loser on the internet because she made a joke about him in a comedy routine on a TV talent show.
"Is it me, or is your toon wearing a jock on his face?"
lmao I just text a lot of friends
Or when they need to eat.
The time clocks at my work run software from 1986.
Kevan is I. I confirm.
is it because you're secretly turned on by inflicting emotional pain on yourself?
Never bring a BB gun to a machete fight.
What is this from?
Checking out sex tapes at 3am in the night... looks like Trump and I finally have something in common!
Aka the guy who made Marcelo Huertas a legend.
"Yeah, she is out of work right now =/ This is our first month of just me, so maybe if things look better than expected I'll still donate while she is looking."
Have you installed the latest drivers for your GPU?
"Wait, you dont even get a penalty or kicked?"
"I came here to kick ass and chew bubblegum, and I'm all out of bubblegum - William Shakespeare"
Yeah these anti-ecos are killing me.
"To be fair, it's not exactly an easy name if you're not familiar with it."
I'll take it.
"While the conversation of ""Let's talk about our nipples"" might not come up naturally, stories about crazy childhood events, skateboarding, battlescars, and everything else in that story do come up *relatively* frequently."
Down with our robot oppressors!
Not sure if serious or pun
I love that *October Sky* is an anagram of *Rocket Boys*.
It's simple geometry for fuck's sake
Too late.
Far from perfect
Aaaand you missed the point.
America and Canada are the only two that spell it 'tire'
At least now we know why you were wrong
That's why they stay at the Y.M.C.A.
"Dunno why you were downvoted, I read the exact same thing."
And Carter with the game 7 OT goal
"Cream always rises to the top, and I'm about to show you the white hot cream of an eighth grade boy."
Try Gidget the Midget in *A Midget on Milligan's Island* on for size.
Youtube delete the video in something like 10 minute
"Nothing, life is pretty good."
Best dunker of all time imo.
"Perhaps one day, Danny Boy will finally see the writing on the wall and sell the team."
"Yea, they seem to get buried."
This is exactly how I imagined my attempt at this would go.
"If history is any indicator, it's dangerous for leaders to be chosen on the basis of who is best at working the population into the greatest nationalist fervor."
Is this Freddy with the cute endoskeleton?
Dumb question but don't u want as much oxygen available as possible when training?
Why not..both?
I don't think you know what a lighthearted joke is.
Still more useful than building more tanks.
Gootecks is great
A more adorable and fun type of hydra.
ron artest threw arizas shoe in the stands which was funny i also think he hit a three on the other end right after that.
And some say to this day they are still rowing.
Classic kickback scheme.
"I mean, aren't we sending weapons to the rebel group we're supporting?"
"it sounds like you are responding to someone, but you are not."
"I always have this image in my head of celebrities I like being perfect human beings who do no wrong, this is really a shame to find out, but regardless he's an excellent actor"
"It's very 'boring' so to speak, to counter it"
Exploding comment tree!
Egalitarianism is the only truly belief system that encourages equality.
IMO there's not much aesthetics here
"I've had it happen before, I think it's just a server bug and it takes a while for it to catch up."
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure everyone was as hyped as they could be about Peter Jackson coming back for the Hobbit."
Wouldn't it just be a regular burn because it isn't the sun?
The biggest evidence from PG = PG is that he's in the safe room while recording.
"yeah I get that, my comment was more tongue in cheek."
That wasn't your point.
"Okay okay, lets call it a Supreme Super James Bond Puzzle with Extra Peppers."
is it not the next sonic screwdriver?
"I don't think I should have to pay for any of those things, but you are right that under our current system is would make sense."
"I don't think H1A is gonna have multiplayer, is it?"
that really is not that big of a change for it to be a different gobble gum
The title of the thread isn't asking for all time great.
Ramses Sandoval?
So how many hours did you stay on the kitchen chair?
Looks pasturized to me.
COME AND GET IT with a caterpiller tractor underneath
expensive doesn't always mean bad.. if you have the isk why not haha
"paywall, first 3-5 free type site"
"Socio-economically, yes, I agree."
Same could be said for you and your opinion being posted by multiple people in the same thread.
Or people look at Trump's exact words one day and then look at his exact words on another day.
There's actually a scene like that in a book I'm reading.
Well it's not like Congress is sending him any legislation to sign or acting on the Supreme Court nominee he named nearly a year ago.
The whole post *is* the title... there isn't any text (what the body of a post is referred to as) at all.
Nope
Crack hamster
No because the laws of physics don't allow it.
Now that's desperation!
Leck mich am arsch
Sex worker*
Nice meme.
I think it would be a lot better if the linear story didn't take up the whole season but only a part of it.
You're too immature to be in a relationship.
You look like you could use a girl with a strap-on right about now.
Awesome response haha
they've got gross girls and their boobies there
Worse than GO90?
I stated that to indicate that I use my keyboard extensively.
Cr1t- and zai are as much NA star as Puppey and PLD are SEA stars
"Nice one sticking to your guns, smart move, LDLC is not as bad as they looked versus CLG."
Well you're wrong.
Acting like you don't like it kills da kultcha
Should have bought cans
"But english is a necessity, not like french or german"
Amazing playlist on that game.
"Vince especially, and considering he has a feature."
"You shouldn't be downvoted, He was busted on some bullshit."
The police made the exact same mistake.
it is the fat man
That was painful to watch lol
Good guy tebow strikes again
"delicious, thanks for sharing."
If they hadn't added all the extra crap they could have condensed it to 2 movies easily.
Is there anything even comparable to Jimmy Saville that has come to light in the States?
"I'm sure many guys can report that it seems like the opposite is true: as soon as you get a girl, suddenly the hordes of women who never noticed you take up an interest."
Oh I was taking everything I could but it's really hard to 1v2 farm when your carry is sitting invisible.
"Yea, so widgets and launchers are ""hacks""."
Me too :(
Like a little kid on Christmas morning... I love it
What is this supposed to mean?
We let up 7 points we won not lucky our D played good.
"OOC: Ah, gotcha."
r/nocontext
Is that the USS Texas?
Gratzi!
"I have to say that although I've experienced the most prompt service at the S. Broadway location, the DTC location has my favorite layout...Can't wait to try this new locale."
Also she had some marijuanas.
"Some of you plants are alright, dont go outside tomorrow"
No..Time got it own backbone bai
Because alcohol doesn't cause illness after prolonged mild use.
Except there's way more data and creationists use way less of it.
That was a pretty ugly at bat from Peralta.
"David his hundreds, and u/Terraemotus his tens of hundreds!"
"Wow, where do I go to see what happens next?"
pat the pupper
refund for what?
Up vote because Boone.
Welcome.. to the future!
But if you want a fair chance of winning its better
"Does it happen to say ""Don't apply directly to skin"" on the pack?"
work yung blood gotta pay them college fees
You look like Aubrey Plaza's brother
Is that actually enough force to set them off?
"So which came first, this or Kill Bill?"
"No offense, but I've been reading about this issue for quite some time."
Uhh...
Source?
Ladle+ CoC... Sounds like hell but fun.
"No, because larger chords are more commonly played with the left hand, and is thus used to stretching more often."
Stop!/10
"Yeah, I didn't see the link, I was like ""so many internet points"" but blah, I guess not."
"Many times, but not often enough."
Your computer wouldn't be colder than your room unless you are using a refrigerant to cool it.
"Belichick has the best press conferences, don't lie."
"AJ: ""I think *you'd* be surprised."
Well you see... (insert state making rules to prohibit itself) may be true but (legal loophole judge identifies).
maybe I just gave you one too
Wisdom.
The first shot was fired when he reached into his jacket for his gun.
"Knowing the government, an insignificant sum would be spent on childcare anyways."
"You're not considering the fact that tear now refunds a percentage of the mana used for spells, plus meditation and i think there will be no mana problems with lux."
"Danny Granger, veteran, leader, would be good off the bench, and i fucking hate the Pacers."
"hands down AR15, not even close, hes projected top 10 wr ros in everything ive seen"
IP Conflict Duplex Mismatch
1920 x 1080 with a 22 inch monitor
fuckin semantics
something something mercerism.
"Justin and Jason, pop a squat."
Not enough information has been provided from either side to make an informed decision.
yes
Nothing embarrassing about a dank meme
"It's still really good value, potentially 2/2, 1/3, at least"
Hat: Ham Misc 1: Ham Misc 2: Ham Primary: Ham Secondary: Ham Melee: Ham PDA: Ham PDA2: Wilson Weave
"I read that as ""drive off"" and the idea was 10x more awesome for a few seconds."
"Wait so she has friends that give her a ride to the store, but then send her in alone?"
"I'd be ok if they work on some case together in a single episode (of either show), but a whole season of that is better left to Defenders."
Wow... That looks nice.
I personally find I get better flavour from the high ohm builds with a 50/50 PG/VG juice
"If ""ignoring"" now means ""pining for attention"" everyone in this sub should abandon ship, for we will never survive hitting that iceberg of solid creep logic."
"And then out of nowhere comes a Titan sprinting ""SHOULDERCHAAAAARGE"""
Could still be a dangerous church though.
"Overwatch sometimes had the bug that it launched with 60hz instead of 144hz, I could feel the difference within 5 seconds of the first spawn."
only thing ive heard about starwars is how annoyed everyone is that everyone is talking about starwars and how little they care about starwars
"Soooo close, brushed the top of the net!"
Didn't they talk about him dying in Iraq around 2007 then turning out to be wrong?
Kid's going places for sure
Thank you :)
"Actually, (9/11) * 100 = 81.81818181...."
i like turtles.
I got them all except the Mii Fighters(completely blanked) and all the Animal Crossing ones because I've never played them
Trinity?
"Sure, but the question I am asking is if it puts people in a bind where handing over the gun causes them to break a law, and NOT handing it over causes them to break the law."
Do you have any examples of the marketing they used?
"Grant is a fine actor, but he would be completely out of place beside Ben Affleck &amp; co."
Op dindu nuffin
"Theoretically, yeah, but humans don't tend to select mates on whether they were born with wisdom teeth or not."
Oh right how could I forget the great Bebinho
Islam
i thought it was a vague WL reference to her birthday.. or something.
PANDERING LOL
"Random: ""hart"" is Dutch for, well, heart."
Word
really ?
i hate to be reactionary but what the hell is Bevell thinking haha
Emulators have a disc change function and you can select the file of the new disc you want it to read
and what wouldve happened if we did nothing to defend against those?
Gina Rinehart just couldn't stand seeing her poor employees having fun.
"This mistake was absolutely not ""inevitable."""
It's my experience that these people can be so entrenched that they view the book as no less than faux.
Are you saying that cheating can't be an addiction?
This is genius.
I have family meals like once a year
Then I feel like a phone would be the better one to get.
Thriller - Michael Jackson
"Well, to reiterate the quote I posted from you: you do not know of when the US intelligence services have done anon DDoS or hacking because they do not sit around afterwards stroking their cocks, boasting about it like 4chan tends to."
too slow
I was just saying it's a dumb joke.
"Yeah, but what if even gore and blood irks me?"
Smurf that.
Probabury yesu.
"Man, sometimes this sub just depresses me :l"
Would be a fun party
"Crazy Ahmed's Clock Emporium - ""Our prices aren't the only thing that's explosive"""
Bullet King is calling.
Nah-Eel Ya-ku-poff
I didn't monetize the video so the copyrighted music didn't matter!
"""The"""
You are thinking of the Volt.
In some ways more possible than for Java...
That line pisses me off so much because his dad's fucking bumper sticker said that catchphrase
Admin would probably call fowl.
Well Mark Cuban is going to be on the list for sure.
They paid their buck'o'five for freedom
They'll make a case where you can attach a string to the Airpods
"TJHaly, Temp, Simp, Skyz, Maux"
I meant Axxiom.. which is a SC2 team.. same shit different game.. he still made a ton off of them.
I think of him as one of my favorite players in general who graced us with his presence for a little while.
Amen.
He's the type of guy we can use in playoffs!
"Goes well with the British white, brown and pink sauces."
"Perhaps, though the R1's are not nearly as capable as the later M11x's I was thinking along of the lines of maybe you can good idea of relatively how many were sold by how many are available second-hand."
Yea osx or linux pretty much are the norm for cs.
"NEVER, he is truly one of the funniest people in American movies in my opinion and it's a shame he and most studio heads aren't seeing eye to eye :/"
PM Sent
"Like any Republican, he will claim it is someone else's fault."
GabeN!
you can see his wrinkles when he rages
"Hence why I'm pre-ordering it in advance of my funeral, when it comes out."
Horizon 3 is midnight club 3 Forza edition.
What specifically did they say that was wrong?
I remember when he played centre midfield in Alex Neil's second home game against Brentford.. That was a dark day
nice flair
"mp o , mpy hpomh yp viy yjr hiu dp,r d;svl/"
Do i look like your mother's pussy?
Using humans as currency... Seems legit.
But did he get the wiper juice?
"Just the idea that if there was no homophobia, everyone would be ""pansexual"" is a stupid idea."
"Apples to apples, buddy."
"I couldn't stomach book 2 after a few episodes, however I did get to see the epic Gundam fight at the end...the fuck was that all about?"
"It's a panic attack, you dumb shit."
What do you plan on playing?
**DEPARTMENT OF MEMELAND SECURITY**
It would do the same amount of damage in X or Y form.
Fuck yeah!
The 1st one looks akin to the movie.
"That's why they have been wanting him out, now that he is in and the news it out, they can't replace Clinton with another candidate that toes the same line as easily."
It's from an episode of family guy where a cast member of star trek: the next generation was asked this question
Save it for late July.
:D :D :D :D
Chevy was working the phones since May but wasn't able to swing a deal for LHD.
Same...I eat in my room.
So base 15?
Yup.
"Good damn it, I need a new support to spice up my life"
"She's very pretty, shame that she's crazy."
You do realize that dead people can't establish a caliphate?
Now Im just waiting for the Mass Effect Collection.
The Jamochoa is not the same anymore...
"I would like to assume that the player is rolling saves for his own companion, but with some DM's I guess you never know."
Rivers or Stafford?
Report back tomorrow damnit
Time has come today.
"Lots of men also stick around in abusive relationships, because 1. people will shame them for being victims of abusive women, 2. she can use the kids as leverage and 3. he will be bled dry financially."
"Heck yeah, Bombay represent!"
This is a dude
All the guns are pointed at her tits.
Not your DNA just your ass for some anal probing
"sicc grind, pupper"
I wish it did in conquest
"Remember kids, data you don't have more than two copies of is data you don't care about!"
"I come from my eyes, too, but it burns."
Sadly I have a 390
"Tough on crime, tough on the causes of crime."
Loved it!
Have the best Air Force
in 1937?
Brandon Marshall drops more balls than puberty.
Turns out that he's playing VR porn
9-6=3...
He's blocked me.
"cool as, yeah big channel count"
"a vos te imaginaba mas o menos como eres, salvo que con rulos... because las 3 rosarinas que conoci eran ruludas... ya se... pero bueno... besos"
Hi devotion
This girl I was sleeping with before I was diagnosed with cancer asked me if it was contagious and if she should get checked like it was an STD or something.
The way he magnetizes to Rein is extremely satisfying
"In a dynasty league, REALLY hope they put him on the DL instead of taking up another roster spot along with Keuchel and Salazar."
"Reminds me of that movie from the early-mid nineties, The Big Green, where kids covered themselves in cheetos for birds to eat off them for fun."
"No, he was establishing dominance first, then he got in his car and sped off."
Watch C9 crash and burn and get Incarnation back.
And they stop blood from oozing out of your vagina.
"If you were playing against Faker, you'd always want to try kill him because you know that if you don't, he'll 1 v 5 you."
That would happen if it was rolling through Beverley Hills.
"It works both ways, I can't understand not wanting to have one since most people will never use it for anything other than hunting, or recreational use."
All Bobby tables wanted to do was join the robotics team
"I think the statement was more to the tune of, 'pot meet kettle' or another one about the log in your eye."
Full arena surround sound!
2
Firefighters can stand the heat.
oh my god yes
"They also have no means to defend their remaining rights or reclaim the ones they've lost, so yes."
"When I came back about a year ago, my first thought about the company was that ending the brand split was a mistake."
Cat.
True Bore
Look up monsieur.
Sure bro
"And I said I was theoretically studying physics, and boom they hired me."
And how's that related to Crimea?
"Oh yeah I love zero, second is maya then gaige, axton, krieg, and salvador"
I haven't but given me a bit and I'll swatch it for you.
obviously if you afk cliff jungle low priority games your team is playing 4v5 the whole game so it would only be natural to have a very low winrate
But why?
Terrifyingly awesome.
"lots of ways, ask her about the class, what she did on the weekend, etc etc.. If you think she likes you or whatever just say ""hey I really like talking to you can I have your number?"""
Obviously the parameter in the code for the IB loot increase is actually a negative value...
"Unless you are in the Walking Dead, then it mows itself."
"If they are going to make it urban, I hope they do not forget safety measures for avoiding running over pedestrians and bicyclists."
Let us save her...
True story - Kevin Hart doesn't like cellphones recording him because then everyone would know he isn't actually funny at his shows and they wouldn't buy tickets to his next gig.
yeah there's definitely a cultural problem when it comes to punishing the wealthy or the famous to the extent of those not fortunate enough to be either of those things
"While English probably isn't his first language, that is no excuse for being an idiot."
"After 4 remakes, we can finally have characterization to people not essential to the main story!"
I would like to see some gear or something that's untradeable.
Obama?
I sold my rs bank to buy my edate a 24k ring.
Does it taste like chicken?
So how do we all go about scheduling time shares that your girlfriend available for banging on the beach?
"Just curious, where were you trying to post this?"
"Because having stand-ins can make the team dynamic worse, team-play worse, communications worse and if stand-ins don't know your strats, that doesn't help either."
"Gotta agree with you there... never thought I would like it, but lo and behold, it kinda rocks!"
They still spawn there and the park is small enough to walk from one end to the other in about 10 minutes.
Rip in spacejam
Tell him to go try that shit in the other Korea.
They do seem to have a bromance going.
probably going to try to keep it anonymous so something to do with bit coin no doubt or some other similar crypto currency
stashspace is definitely p2w
Oh my God that last one is so fucking amazing.
rofl no
In b4 shadow comments.
IMO yes
About 30% of the people in there think they are the only one peeing in there.
Any time a fanbase is called the classiest and that fanbase starts to agree...then that fanbase will start being hated.
Ever sat in a dark corner in a Detroit sex dungeon for 3 days?
Now do some cutting and let's see how she works!
That game predates Nokia phones by at least a decade.
"So this ^ The moment you meet someone who can snipe, everything changes."
Present tense is required: 'kicking'.
Hilarious and spot-on breakdown of the DNC
"Though in this case, google translate makes more sense than the original ""Latin"" text does"
"misery loves company, I guess."
"That's MS' default mode of operation - see something they don't have, go into panic mode, ""we have to embrace this"", throw money and engineers at the problem, come up with a halfarsed implementation or a bad idea (windows phone, windows 8, one drive, sharepoint, windows RT) and force it into the market by tie-in and pressure backed by more money."
You could very well be right about it.
Pls gimme razer mouse pad :D?
People seem to forget that Kolb was playing pretty well behind Arizona's sieve of an OL until he was injured.
Finally
Lul Paul
"If it has to be weighed, it's bananas PLU 4011"
Cats go down alleys eating birds
"Unfortunately, this is true"
Only two candidates huh
You clearly are the superior human specimen... Trying to troll a community of alcoholics.
ignoras ?
Yeezy 350 boost
I don't recall; it was smooth though.
S
Rasam is the only thing I know as well
Those assholes made me wait until the very end and then used a tiny fan to blow it even more into my face.
"Unfortunately, the electorate seem to reward ""attacking the strength."""
Wtf are you talking about?
Never this one.
"they almost did, they almost put in big bullet proof domes over bases... and then never did :l ..."
"I'm just giving up on Early Access games completely, they either don't get finished or get rushed to v1.0 halfway through development."
"Nope, just a random Nor Cal guy."
"i think the rattler is really, really good."
Thank
#A GODDAMN WIZARD IS WHAT HE IS.
One of the answers was because it gives the impression that he deliberately gives himself a big fat target so that it's even more psychologically scarring when he's not shot.
"This is why you don't marry uneducated, garbage women, or simply don't marry at all."
IIRC AlienBlue mutes audio from most videos unless the phone's silent mode switch is set to allow ringer sounds as well
Who knew Ray leaving would be the thing to bring back Let's Build?
near the end
"I used to like the galil over ak when I was silver, ak was just impossible for me to get a kill with it"
You have to accept a challenge before it will go away is what I have found
"No worries, understand :)"
Now they lack cats for all the funds
"It's only part of us that do it, not everyone on CAP2 is lazy #insulted"
But now you must delete this post.
I got it and I don't even play McCree :/
No Regets
"The plainness of the media bias and propaganda on the left makes me wonder how much of what they say about the right, and what I think about the right, is even true..."
"I mean...sure in theory, not in practice."
"Yeah I second this, I'm really curious."
I look forward to the backstory!
Sources?
how much does google fiber cost a month?
Who the fuck would wanna live in NO.... It's below sea level
You cannot enforce laws without force.
It's a movement in the right direction
it didnt happen so dont worry.
"Muslim is a religion, just like Christianity is a religion, yet you never hear someone who dislikes Christianity being called a racist."
Yeah I noticed that alsmiffy kinda looks like reveltrebbe as far as plants and fauna go.
"Yep, went through all the proper steps."
Can you change the last of it for Reddit Silver?
wanna come explain this to everyone that stays in a hotel?
DNC did the same with Hillary supporters.
pornhub allows 1440p i think not sure on that though.
"Stop your brother, Wikileaks!"
This works well if you're dsylexic.
"Don't use another stylus, it won't work, but try the nibs of another stylus, i'm not sure they are the same length though so be careful."
I find your lack of X-wings disturbing
Translation: PLEEEEEASE give me a cabinet post
"Offer is for everyone, just posting it in your thread :)"
So you are saying they should get rid of Republican governors?
"Geno Smith would have something to say, but, ya know"
He is one with the puff.
"You are more observant than the average person, and you know how to use it to your advantage!"
"Some huge throw backs to their Natural History era stuff on this album, love it"
Cheapest way to get it over state boarders without drawing attention.
Just get Brandon Sanderson to finish it already.
Easily the point when Naruto is about to release Kurama after Nagato used his planetary devastation.
"He is an entire ass-haberdashery, with a colony of shithead milliners to staff it."
... for revenge!
You have no taste!
I'm so sorry.
"As someone who gets unwillingly dragged to museums fairly often, this saddens me."
Fuck that website
6% with average rating
I remember the one where the president said that having a shower after sex would wash away the HIV
"i have been raging all gam yesterday man,also filled a support report, abusing bugs is nothing to joke about... fuck this shit"
Face the facts: we don't know shit.
"Hey man, I'm new too and would be more than happy to team up!"
"Well then, let me see if I can't find someone."
"Maybe not being charged as an accomplice, or having a conscience?"
... I didn't know you could grow flowers on the beach.
Maybe that's why pope Palpatine resigned.
It's not a very good film.
THERE AINT NO GETTIN' OFFA THIS HYPE TRAIN WE'RE ON!
"Byford doesnt own a car, so he takes the subway to work everyday."
"im confused why crimes just cant be crimes... now they need some kind of ""meta"" excuse behind them?"
"They could almost be sisters, really really hot sisters."
Probably not.
I'd buy them for a dollar.
My point remains...
I'm ready!
Because Bill Clinton isn't running for president?
fast food!
"Looking forward to being able to leave this country, forever."
"But is it *really* a bigger deal or does it just *feel* like a bigger deal because ""uranium"" is scary?"
"Well if your SO isn't putting out, you should probably mention that you're not sure the relationship is worth trying for if sex is missing."
"Quinn has done amazing with the defense, Shanahan needs to go"
"Yeah, the CGI was kept to a minimum which is always great"
No Stephen Dillane 0/10
907865
"It's ya boy, L.D."
It's like throwing a hotdog down a hallway.
"No, the seller."
Sadik looked six weeks out in the pics I've seen so far.
There are women like that too.
"Got to be some kind of parasite, walking around in its new moth costume."
I think your death all over this thread from a mountain of downboats speaks for itself =P
Then sell it back to us after they refine it.
"I think the suit does have some tech in it, simply to compensate for his age."
Will give blowie joeys for flair...
Lol I love this guy already not only is h serving the community drugs but he's serving us with his comedy as well
"We might not be the majority, but I'll be damned if Indiana doesn't have some great fishing if you know where to look."
"I will fight next to you, non sandwich brother."
IT'S OKAY PASHA ..... NICE TRY MAN .... LEZ GO VP
"Wouldn't you check the recording first, then make a post?"
"""The plan: Get rid of ALL the good players"" Lurie: ""..........what?"""
"But I'm a borderline sociopath who hates social life and despises people in nightclubs and pubs Those are the places where I get most pickups from, trust me, not worth it."
She has so much strength.
K
Go ruin your own country's reputation you dick.
"Ooh, now understand what you meant with ""yiff the x"" comments..."
Haven't downloads already started?
"Zapdos is the palpatine of the three birds, why wouldn't anyone pick Instinct?"
"This...This perfectly sums up TNA for me, from a business perspective."
I figured that's what the kids were calling anal these days.
"This is why no one takes you on road trips, dad"
You're God damn right it is.
Holding is really important if you want defender bonuses.
I have no problem where they start from but you have a working model and you pretend you're smarter than them and have to come up with your own answer
"Hell, i think Brown might be better than Bush."
#DO WE LOVE OUR BIKERS?
I feel forgiven.
"So... if you didn't want to get pregnant, you shouldn't have had sex?"
"So, has the BJP decided on a CM candidate yet or still banking on Modiji?"
"Except when you're trying to establish a baseline, saying you've sold at least X number is useful whereas your example is not useful."
"I mean, George Mikan is the pick if you want to go way back, but Russell and Wilt were both active during Robertson's time."
who's the dank magician?
I read it but it's still pretty vague haha
Even about that round of golf?
Kick in warm-up but not kicked for doing +right for 5 rounds.
It's because reddit loves to sound super intelligent and throw around buzzwords without knowing what they really mean
So...I AM a PoC supremacist.
"Air layering has almost always been more reliable for tree cuttings, for me."
fucking muslims
First day of Pro league and they made me stop watching already.
Is that Mark McKinney's real voice now?
Or they don't swipe right on every single dude.
Yeah I usually don't complain about reports but this is posted at least once a week...
I'd say 2; 3 on some days.
Being forced to provide testimony against yourself violates the 5th amendment.
Well I mean it was his administration that wound up arming and training some of these cunts...brilliant fucking play guy.
"Yeah, just not *nearly* as much as he used to."
"Nice general rule, but honestly, as long as they're 18+, whatever."
^ this
There's always money in the banana stand
Read the news.
"Ya me too, but I attribute that to years of experience in my skilled trade."
dont believe you
"If the community wasn't garbage and didn't use clearly overpowered weapons, a weapon being overpowered wouldn't even be that big of an issue."
"Try to clench a muscle in your upper thigh, particularly on the interior."
The NSA must be wondering why a surge of 113 year olds are watching porn regularly.
Was there an earthquake at the time of this recording?
and Boss crows
pm'd
"Because the Horde and Alliance always band together (not matter how tenuous) when a bigger threat is looming... The point of the Franchise isn't ""Orcs versus Humans"" and hasn't been in a long time."
I want Milo back and I want him to go on a 20 minute rant about being banned from twitter
you guys were much better in 2010
People have way too much time on their hands...and it's always the ones with the least amount of emotional investment in anything.
The terrorists... they won.
"hey fuck you, they're the best sunglasses you can get."
Gotta go fast
I would expect somebody Hydra related to mention their Pym particle plot at some point.
Taiwan #1
Only noobs go for Cultural Victory.
K
"Minus the film career, Anderson was on the same boat as Ronda for a good part of his title reign."
Yeah I see it when it is sawed off Neato
What?
"Are these new skins separate weapons, or do they just replace the skin of a weapon you already own?"
"Yeah, you need steadier hands"
The One Punch Man of Naruto
I mentioned defeating the nazis...
"I have heard about people hunting down other people and harming them over said spreadsheets, yes!"
"Oh, thanks for clearing that up."
I really like the biscuit taco but the value burritos are good!
New DLC.
"Turkey meat is pretty dry and bland, that's why recipes call for stuffing and gravy."
Already on my way
May not matter if you don't have other scoundrels - but Dengar can help you in the weekly Scoundrel event.
Oh I am not denying their importance only asking if requiring one is a form of indirect payment.
"I am responsible for an increase of 2 from last weekend, apparently telling friends it's 'boobs and sword fights' is the best advertising there is."
Thank god they've got proper fax machines.
"I gotta admit, that'd be fucking awesome."
or they watched Mork and Mindy
Both... a list of G-canon (see Wookieepedia) ships &amp; pilots are what I am after.
If I do I will be sure to have my dick out.
or to accidentally shoot the car with your launcher?
Trolling is a nart.
do you have a clip of that?
like the DARPA challenge is always fun to watch
Those screen caps are you?
Punk was known for ripping up the scripts creative gave him.
"Welp, this is a first."
TOTAL AMOUNT OF TIMES YOU'VE READ IT: ZERO
"Seriously every day my train passes a ""Plastic Surgery and Massage Therapy Spa"" Didn't realize plastic surgery was so mainstream it is now therapeutic."
Is this typically the advice you hear from outsiders?
"I never look at that page, all of my bookmarks and such go directly to the subscriptions page."
This fucking website.
Winner winner chicken dinner
"M4, ar15s, and a p90?"
"""Hell or glory, I don't want anything in between."""
Capricorn One
"Yeah, but since its from the Broncos, it's 20 picks behind the Jets' 4th rounder."
But there are no other monsters so all that happens is a 24 sec attack with nothing to hit you
"If true, that is trolltastic."
"Says in title ""April 5-8"" :)"
Halo 5
"Oh great, when you thought things couldn't get worse with the R8, this thing comes along"
The IOC and NCAA allow trans women to compete with women.
We'd all do it for the pipboy.
This is so narcissistic it makes me want to barf.
Lima beans
There are more fractions than whole numbers.
"-,- almost like that was their plan all along..."
The days of civilians being able to take on a truly modern Army are over.
That feel...
The Comcast Corollary
"Better to be safe and just say ""Oh wow, I thought you were just getting fat"""
Do you know the exact trimester in which your mother had realized she was about to birth an autistic child?
Some people don't have a conscience.
I know right - I mean - not like I thought she was going to get more attractive.
Pretty standard actually.
"I doubt half the players are like 12, I think it's more like 16, which imo makes very little difference."
It looks like the grand wizard had a botched hand transplant.
!Remindme 24 hours
Rawr pls fuck me ^^^^__^^^^ XDDDDddDDD I want sum cummies frum sum1 pl0s
Aspergers?
"I run two BB in my miracle druid, it's a good card, but just not in this meta."
Footage is like 4-5 months old tho
Yeah.
"that I can feel comfortable in public without fearing that someone will try to harass me, that I did awesome things as a person and not ""that's cool that a woman could do that"", that if I ever have a daughter I won't have to worry about someone treating her as if she isn't her own person, and that women will finally be taken seriously as *people* and not seen less than."
You can still look cool and not have annoying-ass sleeves.
Second that--we have a pair of 15 pound rescue beasts who know how to sound like rabid wolves of death when the mailman or Jehovah's Witness comes by.
In my mind.
I do :(
"lemme guess, you're a feminist right?"
Boohoo
Be applied directly to the forehead.
So 38% of British public is badly informed.
That's even more fucked up than the hidden dolls in Powerslave...
"Same, still reking face with the Caravan of love, Black Prince and Cent MK3."
"When you take time off porn, try some history."
"Well its very different in that Labour can chose a coalition partner to do business with, SF cant."
Reminds me of Bork Bork Bork option in Guild Wars to make everything sound like Swedish Chef from the Muppets.
There's a stranger out to find you!
No entiendo :S
"Well, no, but the meltdown of a fusion reactor in the Outback didn't improve things."
"Given the amount of traffic of not-dead students going through the third-floor corridor throughout the year, probably rather low."
"It doesn't hurt smaller sites, because it's the advertiser who has to pay the fee."
"Great, now there is semen EVERYWHERE"
"screwed, glued, and tatooed."
Thy won the cup with laraques
Rovers and probes yo'
Try asking nicely next time and we might answer nicely back
The number of people who subscribe to PCMR and take it that seriously are a fraction of that number.
I'd think about ejector seats if I were an uber guy.
Depends on where you buy it from!
The way people who are socially awkward learn how not to be socially awkward is making sure they know they stepped out of line.
yeah those trinity force nerfs were unbearable...
I want that guy to do my eyeliner wings every day.
If you didn't have insurance for less than 3 months you can apply for a penalty exemption.
"Well Nairo's Lucina has been getting some pretty big wins recently, too."
E!
Nuclear winter
"I lost it at ""certified grade-A hunky dreamboat."""
"I think we have a great kicker on the team as a RS right now, but from what I understand he showed up to school and I guess he was a lot smaller than they thought he was, so they redshirted him so he could beef up because they were afraid he'd get murdered."
"Maybe, but he's not any better."
"Only if you consider 31% of the world population a ""majority"""
She should be *so* pleased to have your approval.
He jogged back to position because the cheating bugger was offside.
Only legal if you are Harper and in control of the government.
Aww that's unfortunate
"an over-the-top angle, if you will."
"For a few inches, then the PVC will shatter."
Example?
"And Broncos just signed CHJ to a 5 year contract last year, so as long as nothing crazy happens he'll be with the Broncos for a while."
That would be awesome!
Skins will have a new stadium before that happens
Demons must've been pretty pathetic if Smelter was their prince
Her Armpit's Really Musty
He even finished all three bottles of bear.
If like to mix in a read option every now and then Derek Carr is your dude
Also... Pills here.
all de beter to see u with :3
WAITAFUCKINMINUTE.. theres more flavours than purple?
when you have a large monitor they ARE on the big screen ;D
"Funny how such a small team has managed to make the most impressive and polished Early Access game I think I've ever seen, yet you see huge teams with massive budgets making unfinished/unplayable games that never get any updates."
Looks like open net with goal posts
"This was done by having two guys play ping-pong and then removing one guy and CG'ing the robot in his place, so the ball's movement is 100% correct."
"Bahaha, well done."
Obviously they have to capture the market from Whatsapp.
Nothings gonna change my love for you...
Boyd is spinning in his grave.
Us Kha'Zix mains seem well versed in authentication :-)
You could eat less if you're less active at 40.
"I love me some Philip Roth, but Bob Dylan is the shit."
"I would say it might reduce the amount of contesting from the defender, or allows you to shoot more unexpected shots."
"Relatedly, There is a Pizza Store near here I live called Freddy's Unfortunately, the mascot is a chicken for that resturant, not so much a bear"
"Israel = Poland, am I doing it right?"
My grandmother told me 'Falling Rock' was a missing Native American girl....
That's how facebook started.
It would be funny if they restarted the match but you could only watch it on the WWE app.
and then 10
"True Lies, son!"
I try to forget about that ever happening...
he's shot *one* zombie.
since it came out on ps4 first im guessing he really didnt want to start over and have to buy the game again
^ This
"Once again america has its grubby little fingers all over another country's affairs, trying to undermine their sovereignty for their own selfish interests."
What if you don't get injuries?
Welcome to the Master Race!
Unless they're killed they still have it better than aborted babies.
delicious
This is why suicide is always a legitimate option.
"mostly used as verb ""verschlimmbessern""."
"Yes, her beauty makes her worth more to society, AMIRITE?"
"Well yeah, so are most of the ones with high teen pregnancy rates/abstinence-only education."
It's more like what I saw on the internet that made me realise I was normal.
The TPP is so conservative the Obama loathing Republican Congress gave him Fast Track Authority to sign it when the time comes.
Kira Yamato vs ~~Tusk~~ Kira Yamato.
It is pretty much the same in any rural part of NV.
Why doesn't she like you?
"well I always consider anybody who wants to ""ban"" or ""silence"" any sort of expression as being rather ""authoritative"", i.e *""This sub should only have the things that I deem appropriate""* and to me that is very anti Libertarian... if you don't like the meme's don't look at them, if they offend your sense of intellectual ""debate"" down vote em"
"I don't an over-under shotgun would be a goto gun for a school shooting, especially a sixty-two thousand dollar gun."
This is fantastic in every way!
Would you mind searching that response?
"I'd put Deion behind Woodson, Green, and Night Train Lane, but ahead of Blount."
"Lol, still one of my favorite video clips"
Do you know if there's a way to restrict net graph to just show ping and fps?
Found the VER spammer!
I like this one.
"The mouse is from the 1960s, and predates apple."
Yeah but he sucks
This made me giggle out loud at work - well done.
FYI: Dave Rubin said in a periscope livestream that he had 80 of his vids demonetized
And suddenly the user name makes a lottt of sense :-D
That picture isn't accurate at all; I'm not sure any of them are even old enough to grow beards yet.
*Premium Pornhub account
"Elaborate, then, don't just make a claim without elaborating."
True that.
never started
"Dude, make it smaller next time, the text was *way* too large."
"those poor, rural black voters in South Carolina are sure who I think of when I think ""Goldman Sachs"""
Bless his homahsexyule heart.
Mike Zunino
"Well if the freebasics promotes many such things and people do take the bait, then it can also be orders of magnitude worse"
What has that got to do with a thread about what happens if Clinton drops out?
They lost my support after 2h in the beta.
When is the gigafactory meant to open anyways?
Can most likely still buy it from the Calamity Salvager in any major city.
First round draft excitement continues.
"Make mods have a price, oh wait a minute"
If Castro had the recessive gene than it is very much a possibility.
This dude just cocked back on a putback
"No, they are framing the spectrum of masculinity and femininity in terms that you take issue with personally, so you attack it by labeling it ""extreme"", as if it's an actual problem to have any sort of self-image that deviates from social norms"
"Checkmate, peasants."
*nice*
"They have State and city taxes, we have NI payments and council tax."
She should stick to the curiculum and not force her views on her kids.
Saxton Hale style.
"So, Teddy, how many of your owners are criminals and he is trying to get them off the hook before they are arrested and charged."
About to do episode 5 so I'm not there yet I don't think.
"Up until they congratulated themselves for it, yes."
i would throw a blanket over him before carrying him anywhere...
The Island of Misfit Toys
You know I feel like I've seen pics of this before.. But my google skills are letting me down :( IIRC it was a PITA to maintain.. But yea should work I guess..
Chinatown anytime Jake lights one up.
I'd say the Starbucks coffee sitting on an area that thousands of dirty diapers have touched.
Can you give any examples?
I saw that I was alone in the rec room
Wells has the meta human ability of common sense
"32-bit Office installs are always going to be limited to 2GB of address space anyways, doesn't matter how much RAM you have beyond about 4GB."
I brag about it at work.
But...but...but...fracking was suppose to lower gas prices!
imagine the destruction on a wastland or epox server ;_;
our long haired Himalayan does the Slut Cat pose too!
Still means someone out there went out of their way to edit it this way.
Ayy lmao m88
Big if tru
"""LOL"" -_-"
All women do...
What am I getting myself into?
Now they just need to play stick hockey on the roof.
The circlejerk about it
It would if the United States' government voted the way that the constituents who elect them want them to vote.
Yeah definitely not a story you want to tell around the campfire.
Bill Waterson
"The Morse code says ""IS IT REALLY FAKE""."
"Even if you don't like their politics, Rational Wiki is still a pretty good skeptics resource."
if he was he would have blamed it on obama
"She was probably on hand shooting ""LegenDairy Looks""."
Looks horrible
"For future reference, you can type ""which plank"" (or any binary app) in a terminal, and if it's in your PATH it'll return the path to the executable (what you'd then type in the command field)."
Avengers 7: Mission To Moscow
I bet r/nfl_draft has a good idea.
Ill stop pirating when you stop making shit movies.
Comedic genius!
So you have to record every fall...
WHAT DOES ANY OF THIS MEAN?
Well 80+ people agreed with him it seems.
"Upvote for visibility Good luck, frient!"
:(
"pistol only dm but only go for 1 taps, dont shoot fast, track heads"
"Oh my bad, they all look alike to me, just big ass yacht :)"
"Correct one had decades long association with AAs while the other just descended on the eve of elections to ""educate"" them what is good for them."
look pretty ugly IMO but hey if you like it
Good movie though
"ALRIGHT, THIS WAS 20 TIMES BETTER THAN THE ANIME FIGHT"
We lost when we transitioned from articles of federation to a constitution.
Mirana had one too.
It's in Bahad 1
It had just over a 1 in 20 chance of happening... it was definitely still statistically improbable.
"The only way VR will gain traction is if businesses invest in it for remote communication, but cost is still very high and current video conference tech is simple and easy to use."
You could've done the same instead of posting this question.
Two - They won also one where VP went out in groups and they had to face Titan in the final... (ASUS ROG Winter or sth like that).
If the government overseers were actually doing their job and working on recission reform rather than trying to take over everything this sort of shit would not be possible.
"The further up you go, the more the following applies: A specialist gets paid $1 to make a checkmark but $999,999 for knowing how."
"The answer we needed, but not the one we deserved right now."
DCed.
Hell yes I would.
I GOT A SNAKE!
Since it applies to able bodies she probably will be fine
Did we all learn this from National Treasure or just me?
Are we supposed to be congratulating those security guards?
How do I setup to unlock my laptop from it?
She's more cute in the manga than in the anime.
"If he hired underage prostitutes and paid with Bitcoin, then he'll get off scot-free since it's totally anonymous, right?"
Kind of feel bad that he wanted water but couldn't get it.
LETS WORSHIP IT!
"Or he hates skinheads, and is obviously not racist!"
"They even got a new one with the talent, rshaman looking strong"
"Well yes, but Id hire kevin kline for literally anything"
They can get around that by buying an iphone... ...oh wait....
Ron Paul.
That split with Leech is incredible.Did your version come with the patch?
No...but you were spying when after you knew he was masturbating you just sat and continued to listen.
Why not do both?
There's no interest among the populace either.
fyi albinos aren't black.
U uh.. shouldn't play league..
"Because fracturing a community because some people are insecure and ignorant is always a good idea, right?"
"It was really good and I enjoyed it quite a bit, but people do talk about it as though it's the second coming."
There has never been a weaker champion in League of Legends than release Yorick (except for purposely useless Evelynn and even that comes close..)
"Yeah, but like I said, I didn't realize it was Swahili."
"GT doesn't work, inv zDistress if you still need a 6th"
"I don't play hardcore, but I can see how it would be great for that."
Can't help you without a tweak list
I'm about to cry fam
soo cute
nice meme
I'm not sure who Reddit is
I'll be there both days.
All hail the true lord of the sea and land Cthulhu!
"At most they want to get out of the Euro, but it's a fringe movement within M5S."
I think everyone knows what Ryan's issue is but just won't say it (because it's probably drugs and his family wants to save face)
Too bad the officer couldn't get the guy riding his bicycle on the sidewalk (on the wrong side) too
Wasn't some of Police Quest and Quest for Glory DOS?
And staying in their respective places in 3D space as if the fridge werent taken.
Steve Nash could be the new Yoda teaching youngbloods Russell and Clarkson
Why would you read YouTube comments?
So he's the guy i always play online pro clubs with in fifa?
Dibs on the USS IOWA
I liked Green Mile as both the book and the movie.
"Make a gif duplication machine, just make sure they don't produce too much ;)"
YHOO.IT and huffingtonpost have the same article with a different title.
GOD DAMN!
I'm surprised she isn't hunched over from carrying those babies for years.
displace modifier for one
Yeah... it's been a while since I read it (so I don't remember it very well) but I remember really liking it.
I think it is already here.
"No, they leave so that they don't end up bankrupt after a life saving operation."
I'm on mobile so I can't link it but apparently this has caused a 1500% increase in donations for ALS.
"If there's a market for it, sell it."
Than.
How's his here?
wha?
This piece is.
Ice age 4: the Meltdown
They are also very liberal with the ban stick.
I think they flip Reyes now.
It is though...
Your chin looks like Lance Armstrong's nut sack while he was going through chemotherapy.
You are David icke aicmfp.
"Well I like toon link a lot, so I guess light?"
polonium?
evga or msi are the way to go.
"Like, are there any scammers, how much direction are they expecting, how do they expect payment, is negotiating cool?"
The only thing that makes it better is talking to my brother (a TCU fan) about 61-58
Obviously
"Your ear looks like you got it from the ""Free"" section on Craigslist"
Yes.
Absolutely the right decision.
If only her last name also happened to be Nguyen
Then you never played a civ game efficiently.
I bet it will maintain a loyal fanbase for a while.
Batman/johodon
"Reducing the size of the IRS is not ""abolishing"" the IRS."
"Thanks, I'll try searching for it"
Go home SQL.
You forgot zap and lightning.
"All of mine wear the same gear, and when you're left only focusing on weapons (even then, just your favorite/preferred classes) it isn't so bad."
Shame though I can't imagine a situation where I'd recommend someone get a card with a different vram amount.
"Prediction: Trump's next early morning tweetstorm will be aimed at ""unfunny"" SNL on ""failing"" NBC and ""hasbeen"" Alec Baldwin"
Ssh bby
Too bad if he puts Christie as AG it wouldn't matter
"He thought Ellaria was a good girl, but she was actually a bad actress."
The fact that he is lying still during that leads me to believe he is dead.
"Whoosh, right over your head."
So.... an Okidata?
Or is this just fantasy
"over acted, under directed"
"He got the inappropriately sexual content in there ahead of the insincere romantics, usually it's copypasted smooth talk and *then* the lewd uncomfortable stuff."
"Metal Gear, I'm assuming?"
Well if the thought experiment tries to be as silly as possible then there isn't that big of difference anymore.
I was worried they'd reuse the standard German voices as most (including myself) couldn't tell the difference
"It was cool for a day but I went back to Textra shortly after, it doesn't come close in functionality."
That music makes me so angry...
FUCK YES OKOYE CARD JFNFKDKDNFNNIGERIANNIGHTMAREJDHDJDJFJ
Nazis should eat orphans.
Then I would probably select another video that doesn't lead people to question which information is correct.
It's been sold out for a while
You can admit it if you........STFU!
kek
Even if they don't win I want outrage that call was terrible.
Of course they will.
Thank you for being rational.
"Quick, hide under your smartphone!"
"If you can convince your clients to pay you more, you deserve it."
~~I'm a level X Anubis~~ :)
I think vert refers to convertibles
"If some of the memes could theoretically die on Reddit, the OP won't care, and would continue to repost old memes and the dank memes would have to be forced to reach front page among their dead friends."
Also nsfw tag
Che pezzo di merda!
Delve creatures?
"And the only reason players are able to walk on it without taking damage is because they're stronger-willed, but from the force of their concentration they have to slow down."
He'd probably be shot in the street!
Haha very much so
I would've done things a little differently; the following words explain best: * Harder * Faster * Stronger
I expected a Porygon with Sharpen.
Real talk.
Because attorneys always draft overly-broad motions.
^ or I'll do it for $50
Sure that is a reaction of islamists for being oppressed for so long time by gay people... or maybe we should just stop finding excuses and call islamist fanatics whit their name: whiny arseh0les hiding behind race and religion to avoid being called third millennium nazis as long as they can ( = as long as we allow them to).
Most likely in a few hours
This somehow is far more depressing than all the other depressing things happening.
Safelane Tinker is a thing?
He starts at 3:30 estern
on that same map there is a reaction time mode... just a big target on the wall and you shoot it when it changes color
"I have seen it several times where I live with a popualtion of 108,000 people, could just be the same person or could be several different people I have no way of knowing."
"Right now, Void Shield Number 1 and Shield of Regrowth Runner Up."
TIL Bjarne Stroustrup created Linux
Blank Space is certainly VERY hard to beat.
It's good to be king.
GOP doesn't support Trump though.
My favorite Jorge moment was him physically picking up Noble Six and shoving him off the Covenant carrier into space.
I demand pics of said pussy wagon.
I dont get it
"Oh man, some of these comments are gold jerry, GOLD"
"I got mine in 4 days (order placed March 31, received April 3)."
"""I will forever remember this transgression."""
Meh
This scared me so bad a first...
I've always played without vats... Except for shooting deathclaws' legs.
"I want, nay NEED a link to that thread"
"One of the new skull modifiers is ""Deej is on the team"" :D (Love you Deej, I mean this in jest)"
"If I see this picture one more time on youtube, I will actually tear off the carriage and throw it at the person using it as a thumbnail."
'MURICA
"I just remembered ""sitting"" is slang for being jailed in NL as well."
"The Via train station NW of the former municipal airport, which is conveniently close to a bunch of places that taxis can take you."
"didn't look into modding yet because of the whole thing with the bans, but I hope they lift it or make dedicated modded servers"
"And now because you said that, they'll look around and find your throwaways."
Die you make that chart on your own?
uhm..... idk how to feel
"It's still a guess, people might think it's confirmed."
He handled it wonderfully though.
In dutch opa means grandfather
"They will always be a popular way to scam unless they make it so they re forced to do it in some way, like the trade screen"
Yea but the fact that they held harden to such low numbers and parsons also tells me their defense won this game for them.
So it already needs another charge?
Any of my mechanical mods!
Could you be more specific about how this milk is used
Hey OP care to share what your CTR-V settings are and what kind of frames you're getting?
Move to New Hampshire and make anarchist friends.
"What about ""Alice?"""
She looks like Miss Doublefinger...
itll be cool not seeing him play us twice
That's exactly how I know my e2 is out of whack.
"And then Hermes fail to deliver it repeatedly or throw it in to the bin outside, etc."
My Man!
"Nope, sorry about that, updating the post now."
"Dammit, I thought we joined the SEC because it *was* the playoffs and none of the other conferences matter."
"Millions of peaches, peaches from me."
Newbie gains though
"Erm, this is just a good cosplay."
l
Exercise
"All the MORE reason to call them ""Shroomies"""
So is it only the seeders that get notices?
"""Tells it how it is"" = tells it how they believe it to be but are so completely off the mark"
"3, 2, 4,1, 5"
Nope.
"Yeah the industry doesn't need money injected into it, what would help is changes to taxation, this is why the industry performs well in America, Canada, France as they introduced taxation that is beneficial to the industry."
The visualizer makes it look like it could be heavy
How far away were the guards and how loud did you say it?
why are they focusing so much on Scotland
Fucking finally.
"To be fair, it was a lot of pictures shown really fast."
"Also Blade Runner (piano), Aliens (Ripley), and I think that is Judge Dredd in the bottom right."
I like my frames to be cinematic.
This is so bad that I instinctively downvoted it at first
That's as many as seven tens
"Hey man, that thing was awesome when I was 12."
Coors!
I guarantee that answer is yes.
It is hereditary
Illuminaty Confirmed.
"MaM sub, not the theory sub, by the way."
"That sounds familiar, what is that from?"
Everyone rushes to undermine men's feelings when they're not politically convenient.
I think that person won that.
Aaaand that's you need the free press to make sure the government don't run wild.
"We have a few of those, add in the mailbox on top and I wanna use the entire damn device to bludgeon it's designers.."
Thats my fiance's motto!
But in real life you just start another game
"It only works with Amazon's streaming also... it doesn't work for Netflix, Hulu, or any of the other apps (the voice search portion, not the box itself)."
read it as ultra white masterrace lol
"It works, the updated version was a little slower though so I found out how to use the ""legacy"" version and now it's running nice and smooth, thanks for your help in keeping me informed !"
Sounds like he is.
Double anal.
"OMG, that tail wiggle!"
"Find a good starter program for you, every workout is different."
Note the complete lack of minorities and racial violence.
"I'm not much of a coder, so I went away from CS after doing something along those lines at A Level (where I also found Chemistry to be an unexpected strength) - I much prefer mucking around with hardware and games of various ages."
Dring is a legit starter item for a farm lane
"But dude, it's so fun."
I always end up as a sword mage
"""This... This is frog *rape*."""
I found this exact picture in a bathroom in Denver somewhere.
Is it just me are all the comments the same?
Last I checked he dropped Pac-Man for Fox
he gud
Fake identity
"I think they only took a map, not a whole bo3 (which is still something)"
"Be as sick as you want, just give me a god damn bass line!"
"Aw, this is actually kind of cute."
But...can he hit?
He's probably going to torture her.
Agree
"it looks like her face accidentally shifted to the left , it wouldn't be so bad if it was ""aligned"" correctly has that's the style anatomy looked ok at first glance"
"I think they're usually a spur of the moment thing, I don't think they plan out to far ahead of time."
That's easy to do if you are willfully ignorant.
two-thirds of everybody's workin' for the weekend.
Have you ever seen baywatch?
It dropped 4/20 in the UK
"I literally have no idea what happened to him, is he still quite young?"
Playing cars and Lego at day care at like 3.
*You're recharging it wrong* -Sent from my giant swimming-pool of money in the sky-
"BRB, bout to stomp some punks at the local junior high school."
It's not vague whatsoever your just pointing out stupid shit that shouldn't even be considered.
"If you expect parents to be part of the child's education, maybe you should provide some training for the parents to understand that process."
"I love how their brains basically shortcircuit on dominant women, and they still sort of try to find mental constructions how it's still HER that is being taken advantage of somehow."
XL2411Z
But the laws are getting weirder.
I...I... was the girl Korean?
Time to whip out the fall fragrances too!
"Yeah that spoiler part is such a vivid picture of a horrible scene, it expanded my imagination of how bad things could get."
Yes i too want millions of people to lose their jobs and homes so i be closer to a train and drink rev beer.
"And ""only white people can be racist"" is the political ideology of the left."
Wtf is this deck
So they can sell heaps of space based pc and ps4 games.
"If you like Zacapa 23 you might also enjoy Atlantico Private Cask, they are very similar solera rums that I would also reccomend to OP if he likes sweet rum."
Welcome to Sparta.
so much this....or an elme fucker turning his brain off.
I thought Taylor Kitsch as Gambit was pretty good.
Plus it's also a game.
The interup...
"God-dammit, now I have to start playing again"
When little brothers are smart they get away with way more.
You can listen to it on iTunes Radio
I've been running primarily LG devices for the past 5 years and I've loved them more than any thing else I tried in that time.
"if we're talking all out nuclear war between every nation that holds nuclear ordinance, it's less of a risk and more of an inevitability"
That is sadly true.
"The Grineer Flame Spear, Tennogen items, other stuff we haven't been told about."
I usually have a decent ult but an enemy reinhardt with full shield gets sucked in and we kill no one FeelsBadMan
Better casino rules and dice are allowed.
Would that make PoE the first video game ever with braille?
It's not common practice to tip.
It could be my imagination or does Ottawa dig up the same few streets very often?
Somewhere that isn't a pet store?
"A lot of the three letter agencies are exhibiting not only gross negligence, but absolute abuse of power"
She was better after she had some water..
i got my masters degree in english and started work as an english teacher at a middle school
"""Patriotism"", they should leave the UK then."
this is normal novidiya nerfing for vega 2 years early ayy
So it's like singing happy birthday to count down the time for washing your hands?
So bittersweet..
yeah really helps with the size of your e-peen
OP deleted the story
Only a physical copy?
42
Let's hope we don't get something that wrong in the future.
Guns!
"Some people would, i always hate to see things get removed for no absolute reason, like his post did."
Do as many people still play the Mod as there are people who play the SA?
"""Could"" but won't"
How stupid are your parents?
Law schools All MD/DO schools are low yield with some simply being more low yield than others (aka the ones getting A LOT of apps)
quite the polarizing tale from OP
"How are you on the same George, George?"
Above.
"""I swear, this whole site is on drugs."""
"slightly ironic that Britain is now a lot less attractive to other europeans (who were probably more likely to move there to work like the Polish) and still just as attractive to those from very low income countries (if you are trying to live on a dollar a day, the UK still looks attractive)"
tacos
At Colonel Samuel Smith Park.
"What annoys me is the only people who'll actually get media coverage saying these things are the ones the Left would never believe, because it's meant for a Right audience.."
The atmosphere took revenge on several occasions.
We should have shared a ride.
"Hey, what's it like to be dead?"
Never been arrested.
In this thread...
Hello
I Played for several ~~hours~~ minutes before i accidentally pressed w and realized i could move.
They have nothing at all to do with viewership and trashing them will do nothing
Rugby is a barbarians game played by gentlemen and Football is a gentleman's game played by barbarians.
The average number of legs in less than 2
Chemical Plant Zone
What will April 24th be then?
There are more FE fans here than there are FE amiibo in existence.
pretty much.
"Chicago tried it for the same reasons, and it didn't work unfortunately."
"i completely agree, i effectively have one chest slot to use and thats it, 3 are filled with arena 1 silver chests that just aren't worth opening while im getting arena 2 silvers and golds"
Someone needs to post Pardew's celebration
"yep, that's the box"
Man don't you even say that D:
I vote with Evernote.
"In his defense, deck thinning isn't relevant when you have one card being removed, but does start to be relevant once 3-5 cards are"
So that's where 2016 got these ideas.
Zhironovsky...smh
On the downside he sounds like he gargles gravel and cigars every day
Meh the Mountain bench pressing 200lb dumbbells was more impressive
"It isn't constrained to fiat currencies, people just have no other metric upon which to base bitcoin's value on."
It really is terrifying.
I'm in NEO/Cleveland.
that's what the internet is for
It's a little kids show that teaches about friendship and sharing and all that sort of stuff.
The DPRK has a hard on for big black dudes.
"Various red heart yarns, I have a huge donation stash; Most of which had no labels"
"Because they didn't do Episode 7 due to IEM last week, so either there'll be an IEM special or they'll just skip it and focus on the LCS."
It's an improvement.
Someones getting their dick punched!
I do.
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
No
I really like the dad's reaction.
"Yes, clearly it's his fault when women lie to him."
"I guarantee you that there are RedHat employees who work for NSA in some shape or form ;) RH did/do/will do stuff for NSA and other government agencies, but I guess you know that already."
Decent balance for both rosters..
whats wrong with d2
The sickest part of all is that it's really just a money grab designed to siphon tax payer dollars to religious fanatics by whilst using children as pawns.
"Yeah besides those frustrations, I can't imagine he didn't lose some money as soon as RDA pulled out, because the entire event is going to make much less."
"The US has half the homicide rate of Russia, so the difference isn't as big as you might think."
On your way out help yourself to a beverage from the coke fridge.
Noon question - what is that UI add on looks cool
I always wanted a Micro Machines Super Van City.
Being Hillary Clinton
That was single - dual would be half of that.
We need a motha fuckin TurnOva
My guess is they would limit the time frame to only very late at night when most businesses would be closed.
Can anyone identify the razor?
Every league needs a llama or two!
Andrew Sendejo
"Ask ""How can I make this device?"""
That it's a game that is definitely worth playing?
"The ""berliner zeitung""'s front + back page were entirely covered with cartoons from charlie hebdo today"
How come the game doesn't have push to talk defaulted?
Do you have a commissioned glassblower or are you just buying these off DHGate and having them blasted?
Kappa
I thought he was Gnostic?
LIVE IN PARADISE!
And the French are far from surrender monkeys.
Rank or level 62
I still have my TI-89 that my mom bought me for $150 in Y2K.
YOU ARE ABOUT TO EMBARK UPON THE GREAT CRUSADE
windows 8 will now start faster and crash slowly.
"""Testicles.... that is all"""
Wow thanks!
This looks like a soft drink commercial.
"What if you grow your own, he is on r/frugal after all?"
"HE'S NOT YOUR BUDDY, GUY"
It's not unusual.
In Wisconsin we figure he is still looking for his comfortable walking shoes to join us for worker's rights.
Pietersen*
Be quiet my diminutive little companion and let's receive our guests.
Throw a # before it.
TIL I can make wine in my rectum.
That's a great idea.
"alchemist is your friend, not even a slot wasted"
You do a very subtle job for a novelty account.
Sounds like it's for both.
"This wins, this is the best of all the ""Unplayable"" posts."
"Even the SAS don't carry on the street, the guards outside their camp are Police officers because they're allowed to carry."
You can easily find confirmations if you read Russian or at least can use google translate.
Pretty much limited to the PS4's menu system and that's pretty useless.
Might be an interesting story.
Since he became a Yankee he's leading the majors in homers and RBI.
"I dunno mate, Anakins description of his hatred toward sand, acting as a relevant future metaphor for hia hatred for sand people is some deep shit."
amir hit a ref
"So when Tomb Raider drops 5 Million for their budget, and an indie game has like a 3 Grand budget, how are they supposed to get noticed, except by looking different?"
"""Burn your house down ;)"""
"And the fact that christians frequently, sometimes quite eagerly, take lives?"
Lol you really think a good bar doesn't let you taste test a beer?
Hey HEY!
Sonax wheel cleaner or Iron x. Meguiars DUB is an OTC version of those products if you don't want to pay for shipping/wait for it in the mail.
Pretty sure it's just 60fps
who that?
That one isn't too bad because you can easily lie to a proper answer.
What's a virtual particle?
"northbud ""Real life issues should be decided by comment score."""
"I got that color too, looks good with just about everything."
Is anyone else wondering how he got that camera back?
What a bunch of miserable cunts!
LittleFingersTeleporter^^TM
"Just three things..... 1) Stand firmly in place 2) Point 3) ""Woah...dude!"""
I clicked the article because I though it was about an armed squid
"Um... Lo siento, no hablamos ingles."
You need to quantify 'significant'.
"It's not American, but I'll throw Commodore vs Falcon into the ring with the Commodore winning considerably."
Cool story bro
Colorizebot
Should say DUMBENOUGHTODRIVEITANYWAY
Sally no!
"Neil de Grasse Tyson on set of Season 3, Cosmos: An ATM Oddity"
[INTENSIFYING INTENSIFIES](/intensifies)
Sounds like a time to buy 2!
Still looks like it's ate a jar of mustard
Definitely a northern water snake :) completely harmless though they do tend to be very aggressive.
Am I the only one that read that in the voice of Mr Herbert from family guy?
"Oh, get off your fucking high horse, it was a joke."
FUCK YES!
"And that's how you get ""The Runs"""
Fucking Esprit and no one says anything
"Except the first line to our charter is essentially ""we reserve the right to restrict any of these rights for the public good."""
Brotherhood and Unity stronk
"A lot of scientist from around the world made this happen, not just NASA.."
It was entertaining until I was denied a proper Kaworu ending.
Certainly not faster because it will be a bo3 haha.
That's possibly the manliest meal I've ever seen.
The sightings from car traveling seems to be reversed
"Ridgelines, tarp anchor ropes, docklines, clotheslines, etc..."
Brother Joseph would have a raging boner if he read this story.
"With at least 10 games left, Colorado has already won more games this season than they did last season."
Doctor Hyena
"Well, the sub is called terriblefacebookmemes so it makes sense people would post reaction images in the comments section"
I thought you were upset he hadn't evolved to Bortoise yet
ok thnx
the necron battleforce saves you about $40 or so
Nothing says Alt Rock like trumpets and stand-up bass
"It only deletes your character if they are temporary, if the cloud servers were up then the character data was saved and you should get it back in a few hours"
Back to spending Legendary Marks whenever I run low I guess?
"Nah, it's not a problem."
"And trump is American for xenophobic, greedy bigot who grabs pussies."
"If they make it mandatory for a weekly 1H IT class based on it, for a year or two, it won't \*shrugs\*"
his reference was obviously to Half-Life 3 but you had to ruin it.. That is why we can't have nice things Phil.
"Actually, thats only if you SOS chain or breed for one (with good parents of course) as SOS chaining increase the odds of high IVs/hidden abilities/egg moves as well as the shiny encounter rate."
The taste to die for.
"I think it's a pretty hit or miss show, some of the episodes are very 'meh' but the ones that are good crack me up."
They keep catching McCown's.
"Yeah, by writing that the article is trying to compare him to Mussolini."
I'd take cp3 and AD because davis beat donkey kong and pacman ect in under a minute while there is a whole movie based on beating them he's obviously superhuman.
Looks like the GOP is serving their masters well in NC.
Hahahaha I have to show this to the guys
Haha can't even make your own comeback try harder bro
"With President Lindberg, Korben Dallas, Leeloo, Rhuby Rhod, Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg and Father Vito Cornelius?"
PA message that they are experiencing technical difficulties......what a nice blanket term.
Shhhh.
"Even though I just found this artist's work, I can surely say that if all their work is like this and their Sona one... then here's my new favorite artist for sure."
cmon dupreeh let Tyloo win pls
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha
I didn't know this - Thanks for explaining
0/10
"In some places in the US, the example of Best Buy's does happen."
Sorry
After the sale ends and they decide which weapon to give us based on the questionnaire they're running
wut?
What exactly do you think your damages are?
Come ON.
If ahq get's 2nd seed I wanna see Ziv vs Smeb/darshan
"I dont think they were bullshit, but ok."
Doc and IQ.
Give a fuck about what people think of me.
I dare him to wear that in Baltimore.
I was joking
"What I really like about Vanessa and Johnny Mac's friendship is that they really didn't start to connect until later in the game--during the early part of the season, it was almost weird to think they even lived in the same house."
You wouldn't download a car.
Seems legit
"Also, the chances of a neighbor witnessing someone breaking in is much less on the top floor."
wish your title didn't spoil it
Or he could just be the best player on the team in World Series and we could possibly win the Series.
What's your problem with Wolfsburg?
Most SSR are just an LED on the control side.
tagged for future laughs when he either gets kicked / doesn't pass toxicity check.
Who wants to start a bet on whether or not the city will refund the tickets or not?
"I won't decide how to think until Scott Adams tells me, lol, but seriously Adams probably has some great insight."
I'd lose my shit if they showed the phase 4 logo with the F4 four at some press conference.
"That's pretty cool, staying classy with the bow tie."
That grass/rock would make an interesting combo
"Ero piccolo ed avevo preso coscienza per la prima volta della mia voce interiore pensavo di essere l'unico che aveva questa voce interiore, la delusione che ho avuto quando a scuola ci hanno insegnato a leggere non a voce alta era immensa."
"""Hey, let's not get medical attention and take her to the ambulance and instead spend 6 minutes carrying her around the field."""
"Funimation yes, but not so much Toei Animation."
Hint: HAMilton.
The Sultan of Swat?
"""It's triplets""."
Nothing like cycling to make give you that rock hard body that drives the ladies wild.
This neighborhood spychecks!
The jump from the yellow ones to the next level is huge which is annoying.
"I like Fox's coverage better because they have the NFC package, and most of my games are therefore on Fox."
A bot that scans for common words and phrases.
"so based on this it seems the best case scenario is to get blessed hand first, on an artisan, and then once they get to level 30 re-roll the skill?"
"BADA BOOM, REALEST GUY ON THE PITCH."
And here I always assumed it was about committing suicide.
That fucking thumbnail though.
i just tried to wipe your flair off my monitor for like 5 seconds before realizing.
The refs handed them the game on a silver plater
There are so many tsunamis in Switzerland right?
Think you mean no face.
He's being downvoted because he's being an asshat about everything.
That's because most of the life in Reddit downvotes things.
"final 8: tozawa, tajiri, ZSJ, Dar, Kendrick, Ibushi, Gargano, Swann final 4: tozawa, ZSJ, Ibushi, Swann wish it wasn't pretaped so early, because it would be fun to do as a ncaa bracket."
I always assumed that the tendrils of the rust monster contained a protein catalyst that just fucked up metal.
"It is funny that people who worry about misuse now , never voiced concerns when creamy layer abused caste based reservation."
"yea I just wish I didn't waste so much time, money and suffering for nothing."
Ok so this is a big move for secret and probably a good one but I cant look past this anymore.... that picture of the team secret director creeps me out.
You should post this to meirl for that sweet meaningless karma.
Probably Ogier
"Also... am I wrong... but doesnt ""Boston Strong"" come from an inspiration of the ""Live Strong"" charity.. which of course is named for Lance Armstrong... who was found to be a cheating cheater who cheated?"
"I, for one, was rolling pin laughter."
Puppers!
Very smart.
Senpai pls
Fixed.
"Huh, I kind of see it like someone decided to name ""stealing"" ""blacktaking"" and then vehemently denying that they're trying to make it a race thing, after all, whites do it too, it's just that blacks are more known for it."
"Thanks for the reply and good luck with everything :) I admire what you do, in a non-wish-I-were-you way."
You can call me on my Selfoam
I hope that moustache becomes available.
"Three tits, nice."
Copy-pasta this one more time and I'm gonna murder your goldfish.
Solent Grey?
Who would have thought that...
all this wood has one job as well
"Ivory products from before the ban are also legal, provided you have some sort of proof that they're that old."
Let's go for full coverage!
"After that first Q, yi goes away..."
"Wasn't even worth the ""hate fuck"" for me."
*fatter
When the number is behind the percent symbol
"No, it's because you learn young not to use your own supply."
A cute lil dulter.
"I mean we use them for 480VAC internally on equipment, but I am getting what you mean now."
Ya for real that is not exciting at all
Exhibit A: Donald J. Trump
Which is why the dots would be in a pattern that was obviously artificial.
to*
That's great and I'm happy for you all but what about Drew Bledsoe?
"Not necessarily manufacturing their *own* but by hiring someone with these qualifications they would essentially have a LCD expert on the team which means that when they talk to LCD manufacturers in Asia they can clearly state their requirements, and more importantly the factory can't bullshit them :p"
"Neither can Imgur... Unless you are an idiot and pronounce it ""im-jer""."
"Didn't the central american, and south american people have goldsmithing?"
Does it involve a double flash at the nuke site?
"Yeah, fuck you SA for giving us Bernardi"
"If that's what I sang in the shower, I'm pretty sure my SO and the neighbors would think I was skinning a cat live."
I think Delphox is the best designed fire-type since Charizard.
Betting is a thing.
Zulruh/wyverns are faster magic logs/hr literally anything else is faster wc exp/hr
Aaaaand now we're on a list.
Demolition Ranch
"Has anyone ever really been so far, even as decided to use, go want to do to look more like?"
"While I agree, Romney has always been known as a turnaround man, we don't need another long term bureaucrat heading the VA, just someone to get in and fix the clusterfuck of an organization and then turn it over."
I feel like the conversation of the art world gets stale and lingers especially in the public sphere
You could get both in Flying Dog's Pearl Necklace Oyster Stout
"I drive a similar truck for work, International 4900DT, this gif scares me."
Two - normal and ultra hidden
Putin wants to crash our economy and put us through what the USSR went through.
How did your school's recruiting end up after national signing day?
"Hopes, deleted... Damn she looks just like a fine lady I know, from the Central Texas area."
+fedoratip 1 fedora
"So the Dragonborn is like a weeaboo who only knows 30 Japanese words they learned from anime, but has to tell everyone?"
first the take our audio spam they remove the animation spamming when we become complacent
no
assuming Friday reference... damn good bro
"Why does the story say he will be gone 1 week, while the OP's title says 3 weeks?"
Perfect example: Pewdiepie
No problem!
Do you think you are making sense?
"There's an ""e"" Harmony joke in there somewhere..."
"Sounds like an expansion to me, for 32 bucks, I'd gladly pay to support the game I love to play"
"[Naruto manga spoilers](#s ""Madara did it first."")"
Who is in a jail cell?
"Consumers choose what is easy, not what is best."
Don't tell me that the head mod of /V/ has struck again?
Looks like a doxxing attempt.
"Well if you don't like this, just leaves."
"If the poster wanted it removed for privacy reasons, do you really think it's appropriate to make a new post linking to the post they removed?"
"Just an FYI it's not a clay pot it's a fabric style, similar to a smart pot I found at my local grow store."
"Or if you're like my wife, while riding pillion on a bike, just tap the rider directly on the top of their helmet for both warning and funsies."
"My flirting strategy involves looking nice (decent haircut, clean/fashionable clothes, and strong personal hygiene) and not being a sociopath."
thats what happens when you give a free for all to a sub reddit with close to 100k people lol
"Nah, OP just saw a fellow homosexual, and almost fainted."
"""Entitled Gamer Posts Tirade on Reddit"" would have been a better-worded shitpost, but don't fret, we're not all cut out to be quality shitposters."
What type of bars does your buddy usually go for?
He triggered CNN so hard with this statement I love it
hasn't been for me since like...the day of launch
"i agree g3 has attacked me 11 times after the sigil fix and i haven't gotten a single fucking brakk part from them, it's ridiculous"
"Yeah, the potatoes have grown sprouts."
"Typically, it's best to pay off any loans above 4% interest instead of investing the money."
Dexter
I was able to charge my iPhone and my MacBook on the same outlet.
"Agreed, let's go back to hating the poor."
"(Typically, the stronger the encryption, the worse it gets too.)"
Hybrid's actually playing ok
You must love shining your last place trophies.
Put it in the same shoebox they keep jizzing in after every Teblowjob
It's a better PV than the real one.
"Is that a bad thing, or a good thing?"
"Add a course bulletin board with ""420 blaze it"" written on it with Sharpy, then paint some pot leaf and brewery stickers on the basket."
Bape
Om in de geest van het filmpje te blijven: dan moet je willekeurige voorbijgangers gaan vragen of ze even afstand willen nemen van dergelijke uitspraken.
I would find it amazingly entertaining if this somehow slipped into the Faux News feed during prime time.
His name is Kunta Kinte!
This is why you always save in between fights.
Putin just needs to donate to the Clinton Foundation
L'ha scritto per Rocco mi pare
"It'll be a wait, but it'll come."
Nice!
Ok
"I could never understand anyone who hears ""thirsty"" and their first thought is ""soda""."
jealousy
Diane's ex-boyfriend Wayne would be so disappointed.
Carbines or the Cyclers*(I've said too much)*
We'll die without have wasted our time worshipping a self-proclaimed savior with absolutely nothing to back up his claims.
Or the DNC didnt understand the message from the people...
"Greg Oden is by his phone saying ""it's happening!"""
I just paid to watch Mayweather run laps...
xD
wheres the ring of life?
One guy always ruins it for everybody else.
A normal reaction to reading the crap posted in that subreddit.
1) War on terror 2) War on drugs 3) War on poverty All pathetic failures
What triangle?
"Bbbbbbutttt, foxtel."
"and so, that they can justify the billion dollars it cost to get that 3rd bathroom in every school for delusional people who claim to be trans"
The ass comments are somewhat creepy considering lots of people were asking for female characters.
I'm pretty laid back i don't know
"one level too deep for me :P seriously, though, yes, obviously."
2015 has been really stabby
Too close to the actual ending where Danys Dothraki friendship force arrives to save the day from the White Walkers.
How about that?
"""Ex"""
If we got a good president
Yes.
"*facepalm* Blaming the government's %^($ing with the economy and individual rights, then prescribing that same action as the solution to the problem it created."
I forgot anything but wood makes the ball fly supersonic off the bat.
Yes
"Well, I mean, if he knows how to do a triple bypass then he wouldn't need the degree..."
I upvoted you because I'm in a particulary good mood.
arent the number going down slowly till the 18 or 20?
Compatible with LGG4 and the Nexus 5
I mean the SCOTUS chose Bush.
"As far as I understand it, the recognition is a good step, now it's a matter of the screenplay getting picked up by a studio or director or whatever."
"Good, fuck 'em."
"Not a true bostero, I reckon."
Of all the vehicles the one with the truck with massive tires ends up in the ditch LOL
Sort by controversial and you can see what the non-supporters of James thinks.
"According to my source with knowledge of the situation (who asked to remain anonymous as he is not authorized to speak to the press), delivery and take-out business are their bread-and-butter so it's not terribly uncommon to find good parking even during peak times."
Desperate.
Someone who isn't straight is a bender...
Is just me or does Bridgette look like chloe grace moretz?
"Bro, just because hes Asian doesn't mean it's OK to call him that"
Too bad it doesn't do anything.
As long as he keep getting top ten recruits every year i don't see him getting let go.
"Really depends on the type of RPG you want: Demon's Souls - old-school, realistic, real-time, hard as hell Dragon Age: Origins / Dragon Age 2 - WRPG, real-time, party-based Oblivion - WRPG, open-world, real-time, huge and expansive Disgaea (3) - JRPG, turn-based tactical, complicated, long Valkyria Chronicles - ""real-time tactical"" (move in real time), third-person shooter as opposed to melee/magic of Fire Emblem/Disgaea, unique art style"
That would usually be coaxial which is not a phone line.
"He's also prolife, for now."
stupid sexy repulsa!
Rekt
He trusts his tremendous spur of the moment judgements.
The Girl You Left Behind!
And my dress size.
So so fluffy!
"Thank you, you saved me :D"
Amen man.
"I'd like to make a joke about them getting %10 of the votes, but I think this time around, we're going to see record numbers of 3rd party voters."
I read a comment on the original post that said a guy added treble fish hooks to his signs and two guys ended up in the ER with the fish hooks lodged in their hands
The inability and incompetence of Bombardier in meeting any contract deadline they've been given re: TTC streetcar delivery.
"The recommended serving size for Oreos is two cookies, so you technically have seven years worth of Oreos."
There was a Jesus bar Joseph.
you can't improve a community if you excuse it as being a problem in others as well
AFAIK there's only one such program in Canada and it's in Newfoundland.
"Gray wolf, it can hunt for me &amp; it can curl up around me at night to keep me warm."
10/10 Bake it away toys
Except the real good stuff never hits the front page.
Obviously you aren't official...
Well it depends on which creep wave pushes faster on the 1st meet.
I wish Thugger and Uzi were on half the songs
i just looked and there are buy orders upwards of like 10 dollars... what is going on with keys and the marketplace?
lmao plz stahp
"I find it hard to believe, but he's only 10!"
"Funny Games, Midnight Cowboy, or A Serbian Film."
wish complexity summer 2014 lineup was playing this split
Linkme: Disable Service
I've just died.
"Hey, just being aware that you don't always do what you say puts you above some other people."
Guess it didn't get the same kind coverage/treatment afterwards then?
"There are a shit ton of ""leaked documents"" out there but personally I'm not getting my hopes up about anything until the devs put out a press release."
Sounds like a quick way to lose his job
A
I feel like the unwelcoming sweaty-basement vibe that a great many comic book stores give off is also a big part of that demographic imbalance.
Probably the negative stigma around the team name and after the match fixing it probably left a bad taste in their mouths.
Not an invention but still interesting We had airplanes before we had sliced bread Not just the Wright Brothers' glider/plane thing but actual airplanes with propellers and shit It's just surprising to me that humans were able to figure out how to fly before they figured out how to mass-slice bread
"""throwing hard"" when they are the underdog and 15k real world dollarz on the line sounds about right"
"""Same-sex marriage is illegal, that's enough for me."""
"Not enough sleep, I swear I saw ""for""."
And free will doesn't exist so might as well reprogram the meat robot and get him to do something useful instead of wasting all the resources that kept it alive for so long.
They take in water.
Looks like there is glowstone under the glass in the floor.
I think we will disagree on that one.
how do u select to place wards and predict enemy lanes?
It's cool but I haven't heard her
An elmy embryo
"Wookieepedia's article on Shara Bey, they're citing the book Before the Awakening and the Visual Dictionary, and simple math."
"Five, six, what's the difference really?"
Random English comment
"""Hasayo motherfucker."""
"I wish this was a thing, although it would work a lot better with a bigger community."
No homo but how big is your pecker?
Its still a good item just because the damage is nice if the user is in your face (lissandra always is) and the dash helps you reposition
"Harvard, so you can wear Harvard sweaters and give girls the wrong impression."
this is pretty much the best thing
I didn't see it fall in on itself like a flan in a cupboard I think you may have Ming mixed up with someone else.
yep
doot doot
Well none because VAT is a sales tax levied on items purchased
What a scrub
Crowder just because of the matchup.
"Give it enough time, you will be here complaining with us ;)"
"Heh yeah, I love the section of tumblr that hates SJWs as much as TIA does."
Didn't say anything about fans
"Eminem went to my high school (before I was there though), and I grew up a couple of miles from that trailer park."
"How exactly is the gov subsidized electricity ""free market""?"
Putin: a totally reliable expert on American politics and economics
"No, he played and hit a crucial 3 when we started to pull ahead."
Can confirm.
"Actually, it dates back to 1862 (see revenue act of 1862) to pay for the Union's war expenses"
Correct.
You'd be surprised how many people still press it too late because they dont realize how fast headbutt goes.
Now replace these Crayfish with Humans and you can repost this in r/morbidreality to maximum your karma.
"No, just flights to Israel."
First reason: TNA co-founder Jeff Jarrett no contract/blackmailing McMahon incident 2nd reason: Hogan &amp; Carter taking Impact head-to-head on Mondays in 2010
Three big compound exercises 5x5 with 2 minutes rest between sets and warmup it all adds up pretty quickly
"You can find it on the FAQ at the alpha forums, not sure if this information is public."
Others cards he meant.
What?
"*munch munch* ""It's *very nice*."""
"I don't wanna bring you down but I got referred by my original therapist to a gender therapist who then referred me again to another specialist (for help unrelated to gender) with a letter saying I have clear signs of gender dysphoria, and who has even suggested that I could get on HRT if I wanted to, but I still haven't really accepted it yet :/ I mean it's probably because of those mostly unrelated issues getting in the way but I've been having terrible attacks from doubts for a few days now so yeah..."
Your friend's sister doesn't have the greatest judgement.
"That's a really smart suggestion, that opens up a lot of possibilities with similar dungeons+raid, like SSC and its five mans, or The Eye of Eternity."
Sanders sold out himself and tried to sell out his movement.
Flex seal
"I dunno, I like the card back for Hearthstone, and I don't play Heroes but I think the mount looks cool."
There's more crime and murder because we have black people... It has nothing to do with whites legally exercising their freedoms
I mean I agreed with him there
Why Charlie hate?
God damn that was one of the weirdest scenes of any show I've ever seen lol
"Idk man, if you have a problem just tell her It's bothering you, if not don't."
"Nah, they are The Three Bucketeers."
Didn't he also come up with that one thing where you mean one thing and fuck your mother?
"Again, not supporters of Hillary or Trump."
*sob*
You must be one of the STEM elitists that dominate Reddit (and I say that as a current STEM professional).
Football (the round one) I thought
That euphemism didn't exist until after 9/11.... Shady as fuck
Why not hold her accountable and get her some help instead?
Many Buster Keaton films...
"So, maybe a super soaker filled with it would work."
"I mean, Electrode is literally just a big ball and it's one of the fastest Pokemon out there."
OhMyDog &amp; FrankerZ
"As an almost *wizard*, I also in need of any answer for this question."
I Stand Alone - Godsmack Or Bodies- Drowing Pool
Mind the gap!
All he needs now is a nosebleed!
I've seen a skeleton drop one.
$10 pints tonight.
Join in.
"I don't think a little plant is going to get rid of his pain, dude."
It's always a joke after it reaches -5.
"I find that fine, no one likes to deal with that."
"It happens in that same exact world I already discovered, there is nothing more for me to see, oh well except those awesome vistas from flying, but fuck you grind reputation."
F
Plot twist: Astomi is actually your mother.
My bf and I can't do anything of the sort since he's so tall and I'm so short :(
Get a fuckin cannoli from Mike's pastry dude
"I never had pet so correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe dogs will eat that too..."
"... I don't even know how to respond to this... We had a toilet book called ""Bushisms""... all the dumb shit he said during his campaign..."
"No, I think everyone disagrees with torturing ""breeders"" even though he removed that part."
"The Pirate Bay is pretty targeted at, well, the clue is in the name."
You can actively lick my nuts.
I thought most people loved it?
Only when she's making something good.
How to look busy.
"There are aircraft, there's an old picture of a Laurel airdrop unit."
i r8 8/8 m8
This reads like someones porno fan fiction
"Citizens need to directly counter with lawsuits, and file a class-action lawsuit against the cop who was responsible for the beating."
You should do an AMA
Unless you have a photo of Clinton accepting a bag with a money sign on it from someone who receives a favor they will defend it.
Looked up for this
Just because I want big sis Undyne to... oh.
tyty
Because it is.
**42**
Bumping my head on the freezer door.
"The one time I would un-ironically use ""I need feminism because..."""
Same thing
My guess is they're doing it to bolster adoption of their existing version before they release some new version that won't be deeply discounted.
What we are actually seeing is a group with a political agenda whipping minor changes into a hysterical movement.
you sound fun
I'm sure I'll regret this but it is because she's in better shape then compared to now.
This is a kickstarter scam
Is Wicked Awesome a cup size?
I can get behind the kind of proactivity that involves more sluts in the world.
Stressed Out by Twenty One Pilots
And all four are pretty shit
which other providers?
Anyone else find it sad that she probably doesn't know that the Hubble Space Telescope isn't on the ground?
I always do the tops of my feet and ears I once got a bad sunburn on the tops of my feet when I was little.
"""Rate"" in a financial sense means ""rate of return""."
I spy maroon 5?
I think its clear and terrible writing
How can Reality television be real if our reality isn't real?
"""Weed."""
"""And sure, sometimes we violently attack Sikhs because they're brown and wear head-coverings like the stereotypical media depiction of Muslims, but that doesn't mean anything..."""
He's either an Orokin or an Umbra like Chroma.
"Love how when this happened in Germany everyone on reddit was pointing at a possible malfunction and then it turned out it was the conductor playing phone games, but when it happens in Italy for the first time in decades it's cause we're lazy savages who don't follow rules."
"Not jealous gf, just a crazy person."
It is unreasonable for that officer to continue to detain that driver against their will after he ascertains that no help was requested or desired.
"Peeled or unpeeled, Just one clove or the whole thing...this interest's me way more than it should:)"
*Roman
In my games the enemy Riven loses 0-5 against me and rages her team.
Pretty bad video and **definitely** not a food hack...
"So you would rather spend money on helping after the child is born, or do you think its not societies job to make sure babies are well cared for?"
I use dust filters and clean the filters once a month or so.
Wow this is going to be such a shit-show.
OK
"In my opinion, it's actually harder than Gigyas."
That is impeccable
"MAC seem pretty self aware, chances are they did know and wondered if anyone else would notice."
"Hiked this area two days ago; when it wasn't raining (and even when it was, I guess) it was extremely beautiful."
So you're saying it should be ready before EFS?
Where can I read up on this stuff?
"With that gun depression, hill would be a perfect spot.."
"Well, I was thinking more of a candidate forum and issue debate thread rather than a hot seat, but I wouldn't mind doing some sort of Devils Advocate thread for my campaign if the moderation team would be acquiescent to doing something along those lines."
"Oh, dad."
She's super annoying but she's hot.
TIL it's April
I mean i think they have always been like this(might be wrong)
"Yeah, tried that, hasn't seemed to have changed anything."
What if he plays D&amp;D and gets sucked into an alternate universe?
So its another one of those gender issues that needs the two-way street approach?
*ANOTHER ONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE*
Which is not untrue.
I was just thinking about this image.
Larry's not even trying anymore after he went and took LeBrons while he was going against Dwight howard
Nearly 50% against a player pool that includes many foreigners is pretty appalling for a player of his calibre in the other two matchups.
:/
EBay
Calculated.
"Is this where Abraham got the idea for ""burny burny, cut cut""?"
"I wish people like this would realize their logical fallacy, and say not that this is ""proof"" that this way works, but realize that maybe, if they didn't do the things that we *know* to be unhealthy, then maybe their crazy genetics would've allowed them to live to be 130 or 140."
"Yeah, you are mad."
"Yes, but staying on Windows 7 implies removing such updates as well as the Windows 10 advertisements."
I want to know how badly you cheated to accomplish this.
"Well to be fair, it is debatable as to whether the Greenpeace folks do, or if they are just one giant ball of stupid."
Holy shit
"Tales From The Borderlands, not only is it funny as fuck but it's also their best game."
F
thats fucked up.
Ice heard this is a radeon crimson driver problem Got the same thing
The commentary by the people who've watched too many Disney movies is always interesting in these types of videos.
Most recent statistics indicate bisexuals are more common than straight up gay people.
:OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Make sure you are registered to vote.
A parking garage on wheels or something.
it does and they do?
Just give us the holmes.
"There might be buffs, have no worry."
Loboton tika ^(i'll fuck your anus)
Being a tow gunner means that you get to play with most of the cool stuff and walk the least.
Don't buy the game
Nah that's just his cursor.
I still have mine.
I caught one but the CP was nothing to shout about
"""Opposition for the position of DNC chair, tim conova raises $250000..."""
Got the exact same one today ( Egg hatch ).
Prayers don't help and this wasn't an accident.
"How I'm picturing a bunch of dogs sprinting around the office as they think ""business business business"""
What?
I guess its nice to know that stupid car fads aren't solely an American phenomenon.
Let Meowt
All we know is he's called...
"If we made a similar diagram for men, I guess that the very middle spot would say ""Asshole."""
"No, fuck you!"
do you have a source for that?
Jerome Sinclair
Oh man I loved the mw2 parody of this song I thought that shit was hilarious.
"Save money, build your own."
It almost looked intentional.
me
"The whole ""Weimar Republic like hyperinflation will happen soon, because of the Federal Reserve"" and than followed by:""Invest in gold"" or conspiracy theories"
Now I can act out my Artemis fantasies.
Source on purchasing flairs?
"No, they've taken up calling everybody a racist for criticizing the migrant rapists."
^ this
and crushing.
For Gorgeous Freeman we fight!
"Yeah, he's an idiot"
"You speak as though you represent a nation, yet you are just one random poster on a reddit."
Arty is balanced guys
"It has to be a glitch, the accuracy percentage is based on a bullet hit to bullets fired ratio, for a percentage of 747,000, he'd have to hit 747,000 zombies with every bullet fired."
"I work in a t-shirt printing shop and the amount of ""YOLO"" shirts we've had to make for idiot customers recently would make you want to nuke the planet."
That's how I got mass ammo at the beginning of the game
"Well, I'm straight, but $200 is $200..."
Fall.
This guy fucks
Make that two.
Even cows eat healthier foods than this creature.
thanks was just wondering since i havent heard anything
We don't give a shit about migrants laws how?
"I think he meant at all, even in the minors."
Also in North Korean National Elections all though the primary leader isn't really up for grabs the other parties do have some minor differences although in large it is just like a parliamentary party that doesn't have a whip conducting votes.
John Daley is a child-looking FBI psychiatrist.
"Favorite: *Last of the Mohicans* (1992 version) Least Favorite: So many it's hard to choose only one, but *The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy* comes to mind."
I don't know... The tone of all this stories seems terribly fake
He was one in 2011.
She sounds like Majin Buu throwing a tantrum.
They don't like smart people.
Are you... are you a dog?
Didn't Renegade also used to be on before it sometimes?
No bull... They are actually playing in the lab with global megadeth.
Seems he forgot about the TIM...
I'm other words... waaaah waaaah our clickbait isn't working waaaah.
THe OPSEC is strong with this one.
ITS OVER 9000!
"The game wouldn't make it to my top 100 favorites, in my opinion."
"Yeah, but it crops out the sides, giving me a shittier picture"
"The shitty thing is no one will care, the damage is done."
Well the French SS.10 came around in 1955.
Why can't they make one that works with the cradle charger?
"You're just being white again, aren't you?"
"And now they are firing their shit on r/de LOL, these guys are pretty predictable."
They were simpler days...
Yes.
You can probably remove it with one of those magnetic wristbands.
I taught my mom the difference between left clicking and right clicking on a mouse.
Which I see a lot of people confuse with Ludacris
"Was asking myself how the hell Berlin was voted the most attractive city in Europe and how the hell Merkel beated Churchill, then I saw country representation, 3379 person from Germany and 279 from the Uk for example... kinda pointless survey for the European result."
Deflate your breast and watch you cry because we all know its fucking fake!
Okay
There is already an MLA format for citing tweets.
A white kid?
Hell no Paul Mcbeth Mike Piazza Chicken Strips - By the Smut Peddlers
If only everyone had a distinctly different opinion here then we wouldn't have to suffer from circlejerks.
I'll say it again: God I love PT.
Yea the builders!
Glad you got a positive outlook on it.
This theory seems somewhat shaky to me.
"The correct chronological order is sealife, amphibians, reptiles, mammals, humans, religious humans, amphibians"
Got off reddit
Love your username :)
I'm so sorry I don't know how to tag things on mobile and I also apologize if this is a repost.
"To be fair, one must be in pretty decent shape to start with before going on basic training."
People who lie about peeing in the shower still pee in the shower whether or not they admit it so isn't that just 1 group of people?
You must have been absolutely beaming
They're also not supposed to shoot black guys
"As someone who plays Verdun, it didn't seem THAT bad :P"
How else to make it easier to throw their shit away right?
Owned
My Life as a Teenage Robot
You are two months late.
Is sharing state secrets freedom of speech?
Source?
That feel when you know you're going to hate 90%+ of the people you will have to work with in the future.
And if you just have one toke?
It's just one timer that counts up from -2:00 indefinitely.
Had sex with a lesbian (I'm a guy)
Subzero is the best RDA I have used to I second this.
"Tell that to the ""Wise Latina""."
Fair enough.
"That explains it, I didn't think she looked American."
"If you thought pooping pigeons were a problem, wait until a flying horse unloads on you."
I didn't do 9/11 like the other bush though^ok^too^far^there
"I am neutral about close shipping it, close shipping it."
The Tsunami phrase was a little odd I suppose..
Rivendare will also help out.
I'd say the average person probably saves over $250/year by shopping at Walmart vs other more expensive stores.
What?
no problem was bit mad 14 minutes ago
He is.
Was vainly attempting to screw
I'm honored!
Scary how these kids will be the ones on the death panels for Obamacare.
"In europe the world servers are down, which are not displayed on the site"
You could send them a copy in braille.
What needed changing
Or you have been poisoned.
It's pretty gross but on the inside of the bottom cuff of my jeans.
Bingo
trials starts friday
Yeah... Ummmm... Linux.....
about time for more tax cuts!
Depends.
fuuuuuuccckkkkk..
I knew I shouldn't have trusted that engineer when they said they modified my SCBs with Samsung batteries!
"So... statistically, red 32 is the best odds?"
correctamungo
Blowoff tube going into the milk carton on the ground there.
so why do you promise updates to something if you don't actually plain on updating it....
What's your channel's name?
Here's the list: Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Steel Magnolias
You just posted two contradictory statements right there.
"Yeah clicked it too, not sure it can do any harm unless you login/download something."
Freeze peach can't melt dank memes.
"Yes plus everytime Indian says something against Partition, we just clam down since they arent willing to talk solutions bus living in the past"
"That's the best of ironies, if no one wants the coal over supply will kill what regulation couldn't"
That's assuming OP wants to be a director or a DP (Director of Photography).
It was sarcasm dumbass.
"It's McAllen, Tx, ppl usually don't stick around that city if they have options."
"They should have made the contracts work like gathering tools, no weird pathing bugs, no weird ""use the item but give no reward"" bugs, and the exploits wouldn't be working either."
murrica!
"I'm usually in Sydney, so yeah :)"
Just remember to hit an even number of times so you don't get amnesia.
"Just hang out, and at the end of it ask her if to her it was a date or just 2 friends hanguing out, from there on you can draw your own conclusion pretty easilly sorry for bad english."
Lost about 20lbs and we'll talk.
Best I can do is tree fiddy.
using 10% crit sucks super hard you just waste some of your quints/marks its super inconsistant
"I don't live in a high school movie, so..."
Waiting for the T-1000 model!
Nah I'm only 5 10 but was considered skinney
"Not his argument, the way he went about it."
Win Shares.
I don't actually play the game until the new dlc comes out.
Ok.
"Sub changeicons() ' ' changeicons Macro ' changes icons of mid price based on last closing price ' ' Keyboard Shortcut: Ctrl+Shift+C ' Selection.FormatConditions.AddIconSetCondition Selection.FormatConditions(Selection.FormatConditions.Count).SetFirstPriority With Selection.FormatConditions(1) .ReverseOrder = False .ShowIconOnly = False .IconSet = ActiveWorkbook.IconSets(xl3Arrows) End With With Selection.FormatConditions(1).IconCriteria(2) .Type = xlConditionValueNumber .Value = ""=Power!$E$4"" .Operator = 5 End With With Selection.FormatConditions(1).IconCriteria(3) .Type = xlConditionValueNumber .Value = ""=Power!$E$4"" .Operator = 7 End With End Sub"
Just right click on the image and save the image.
Holding off blink all ins
"Don't agree with the respectful part, but it does actually help you retain the information better than you would have if you would have typed it down."
Now this is a weapon to surpass Metal Gear!
I was talking about self defense.
Waarom krijg ik nou nooit zo'n folder?
My fedora is too damn euphoric it might create another gravitational wave.
"If these are bongs, I will honestly purchase one."
The vz 26 i just bought is 15 is why i asked xD
Turns out that hot guy who gave her his number was Albert Einstein.
Honestly - that one makes me cringe..
rarer than rare pepe
Pretty sure Johnny Football has moved on to straight vodka
I thought Fletcher Christian settled on Peacan Island off the coast of South America some 250 years ago.
thanks im done with this game for a while
The author stopped putting out updates for it quite a while back.
yep
"Whether you hate them Orlov them, there's no denying that visors are definitely an important piece of safety equipment"
mine know the sound of the thin plastic produce bags.
ge ta life
How would that change the fact that she is 5 feet tall though?
Tell me why it is more mentally strenuous than a SSBN sailor sailing at the bottom of the ocean for a few months with no contact home.
That's because they consider veterans to be a special class of people and the idea that anyone else can have similar problems is disrespectful to veterans and taking away their status.
yeah because it's not like 70% of EVE is waiting for a bar to fill up *rolls eyes*
Not at the LAN itself.
Women don't use flesh lights because they don't have penis'
LOCK HER UP!
Did you come up with that projection all by yourself?
Wrong way round Dark Web is perfectly legitimate sites without public DNS the deep web is the one with all of the crime
I'm gay
"I second this, love king interviews."
A true PC entusiast buys X series so you can wake up every day with a hard-on for your beastly overclock made possible by your hardline waterloop.
"pick pitlord in ranked, get reported"
lol my friend has one and he played minecraft with marshmallows.
"Wow, that's less than 20% of the 2008 turnout."
"Damn, that dog is better at physics than I am."
"Bhai, agar hindu, hindi, musalmaan ki jagah chutiya bolein to chalega?"
"I would be happy if it was it, at least they would feel obligated to add something decent."
That doesn't work sadly
I love Majora's Mask.
Can confirm that there may be issues activating any of the above key in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
"You can but afaik your phone has to be in range of the tag and will relock as soon as your phone loses connection with the tag, unless they updated smart lock to keep your phone unlocked for a short time after your phone comes out of contact with the tag."
I love your flair
Ah okay this is an interesting topic to research.
I get random ass cramps sometimes.
"I don't see how that attack at me was relevant, I would vote for Hillary regardless, point is your flimsy cries of ""racist"" are over-exaggerated and an attempt at character assassination at best."
I enjoyed sesevenen as well.
Black gay ass from space?
I don't know if I'd go so far as accusing them of not being a good person but I totally agree this post is pretty mean and judgmental.
"Pretty sure if I saw God AND Jesus, I would not forget the date."
A7s with like a f/0.95 lens?
If they call everything theyre bound to get one right
Academic frats are different from social frats I think
That was for my masters :)
"This only makes #notyourshield all the more relevant, methinks."
What kind of books do you read?
"I wouldn't call it an easy A but yeah, Grelecki is very good."
...aaannndd sent an email to my LGS to see how much it would cost for him to order this in.
"How else are you supposed to keep viruses out, right?"
No you didn't.
"Oh, sorry I'm ESL I didnt know the exact name.I should have used a translator."
"I'd rather ""whine and quit"" than try to commit suicide from overwork."
Plz no.
How is there no cousin it comment at the top of this thread... I'm getting old.
And that's about it.
"If I were to stand upside down with my head in a bucket of pirahna fish, I would be unable to play the piano."
That settlement is really going to cut into the ol' blow budget.
He's got bars but he's just so damn irrelevant
so a advanced engine is worth 250k?
Based on the way Misha delivered.. I feel like he certainly hates it too.
There's nothing like the smell of a rotting corpse in the mourning.
"If you don't have a cape, though, you'll fall under the first Chuck, and that's a lot more dangerous route than going over him."
"""Convenience."""
And have a torrid affair with Kenny Chesney.
I wish you were really an AI at that level of understanding.
"""the age of entitlement is over"" I hope Labor pursues it right now just to remind voters of the hypocrisy of that greedy bastard Joe Hockey lecturing the rest of us about entitlement when he was Treasurer."
I kinda wish we were watching Aaron Rodgers or Tony Romo on the countdown because Matthew had better things to do
Dat Saxxy doh
"nope, the blondes look good bro"
"I don't think any new strategies really pop up, at least not without knowing what the lands would do."
Tracy Mcgrady considering he did not have the greatest work ethic yet still managed to be such a great scorer.
Why does that matter
"Actually, that depends on the state."
How many ball bruising instances have there been by Green?
I thought it was the Home Secretary that was in charge of intelligence services.
"Send him a picture of a 390 and tell him ""The 390 *is* a plane!"""
*genius.
"Warm, wet washcloth on the bump, or submerged in warm bathwater, or under hot water from the shower for awhile will do wonders."
Daaang
So Gaijin won't be given warning to jack up their prices the week before the sale?
Actually right now.
"Q9400 here, with GTX 650Ti and 4GB DDR2 RAM."
The best defense is the defense that gives up the fewest points and does what needs to be done to secure the win.
... In the United States.
Someone pissed off a god
Yes you can.
"The problem is then that Ryu has no TP and Ekko has one, so suddenly it's a 4v5."
I don't think anyone likes it here except for the criminals.
Brb redoing my socks
Thank you for the fucking history lesson but you're still spelled ignoramus.
Tell us more please
Not to mention the year that the x-files was renewed for a mini season.
Think this guy meant QC*
"I think that's from ""Bite Size""...documentary about childhood obesity and it's causes."
"Nah, greninja just came through the ultrawormhole from the Anime Universe after being unable to cope with Ash's loss."
Well... This is worthy of a Darwin award
Derek Carr and Bortles have had some stud recievers in their short careers
It it because this is the hITLER guy?
Keming*
And Enron gaming the California energy market?
*Zat* vas doctor assisted homicide!
"500,000,000 to go!"
And some people needing an arlo white and Rebecca Lowe fix
Have a telegram account?
I want to do this so much.
Wait what do we downvote
WE WANT OKLAHOMA!
i fill mine up 1 hash pattern lower and still suck tons of water in the hose
He sounds amazing over your production.
Throwing nades all day takes its toll man...
Idk how Woody will make it to the Middle East but I guess we'll find out in Toy Story 5.
Eu is pure shitt deal with it already
"The only played it on 3rd down when we were on Defense, so 3rd and 35 would have been a good time to play it."
"Most likely the ""Star Wars: A Galaxy Divided"" mod collection on the Steam Workshop."
Recording lectures is illegal?
Yeah I don't think dead humans can give out names.
Sulecki
"Yes, but Perez tends to be very lucky in these draws."
"Nope, burn in AMOLED is the result of the individual leds burning **out** unevenly if you have a nav bar those pixels aren't used as much and as a result the rest of the screen will appear more wear out making it seems the low part is at fault (which is not)"
"Awful as he was, he showed heart, and that's very valuable to most people, specially to those who know little about football."
Stop being honest then...millions of people watch cable programming every year.
All your link shows is part of Govia's astroturfing operation - basically their much vaunted plan to improve the service failed after only six months so now they're looking for a scapegoat.
"Great work man, honestly."
A couple of hundred of them.
"kinda dumb people are down voting, I happen to think it looks pretty stupid too."
"Jon's Bridal, Tampa FL"
just a 50 lb backpack keeping them down.
In general it's only games they didn't get a review copy for or games including an important multiplayer part (where the review in progress is the single player part).
Remember Clinton brought us NAFTA and the repeal of the Glass-Stegall act.
Or he charges it at lunch time.
Yes he's already the favorite if you go by oddsmakers.
It!
Get back to work Justin!
Doesn't matter had sex.
You're personally for the executive doing an end run around the legislative appropriations process?
Wait is that the second one?
Nah you probably have a life.
no cussing plz my mummy told me and hes ver smart
for a second I thought I wandered into the wrong sub.
Remind me - how much are you paying for my silence again?
We got Five because Kino was supposed to be in WaW.
Reference?
The only way the cops' version makes sense is if the bookcase had a wormhole in the back.
Braiding.
What the fuck
They said they will fix this as it's a bug.
"It's probably asking itself, ""which one do I get beat up?"""
Dirty healthist.
"Also, I'm sure Tasker would be a workable solution."
Remy oil is still the greatest thing on the planet.
I think Epic just lost its few remaining defenders... I'm really hoping we'll have stronger towers in the new map and these changes are just to keep match length down on the old crap map?
"No it's not, I bike to work"
"The fuck man, don't make me suffer through this embarrassing Romo photo when it's not even football season"
No it doesn't
IRA and ETA had the same cause?
It's *really* easy to find the real info with a google search.
We've managed to dodge the bullet here too (how rare)
"as a shitlord, I can see no reason as to why these two are not *literally* the exact same thing"
Name suggestion: Countess Olaf
So can the Flamethrower
Privacy Badger from EFF is better.
Kya chutiya hai yaar!
Those two shows are nearly the opposite of what Misfits was in tone and limit pushing
Ryan lochte lied for this
$alty*
I think transmen tend to grow a good amount of facial hair because of the amount of testosterone they take to make the transition.
H1-B's need to go away
"I mean, I don't think Dom knows what our roster is, so there's a chance for reignover and pob too."
Still more feasible than Melo and Durant basically being better playmakers than LeBron.
They don't teach satire at JNU
"you would save the cost of the screen, labor would be the same, if not more since they may have to disassemble the screen further"
"As awesome as this is, I believe something happened when they ripped it, most songs are missing the last 5 seconds of audio."
We have a local turtle population year round in SD harbor and also a smaller group that's year round in La Jolla
PUNKD images hmmmm.....
"That's it, then that was when Rose changed her name to Daisy and Gatsby became a mobster.... right?"
fuck this is a good deal
"well, to calculate the thrust you will need the approximate volume of gas and the volume it's being compressed into, and then the diameter of the, uh, orifice it is being expelled from."
Then you and almost every economist ever are on different wavelengths.
"I have no idea what I'm looking at, but its pretty cool - I'm an engineering student, but i don't think I'm anywhere near being able to do that sort of analysis on Matlab!"
This was great
"Yeah it's Hot Shots Golf in some parts of the world, and it's awesome :-)"
Any other way to stream ?
Because it would reduce the cost of spending on the unwanted pregnancies?
You forgot to kill Phil.
i really don't want to admit that because i don't like Delly but i have to give credit where credit is due.
Probably would require root
"I always love when your about to ace the team or clutch and Glaz ALWAYS ends up getting a lucky headshot, every fucking time."
From my understanding of the ceremony it is the highest honor enlisted can present to an officer based on their contributions to the United States Air Force.
Infinitely more comfortable than the old hifiman headbands.
"Jim Kelly, resident badass"
Not to anyone who isn't in Bernie's camp
The two greatest Texans of all time
Capricorns can be like that.
"i dont really see how he was being childish though, he picked up the novel and got an email basically saying ""yeah, we see you picked it up, but you are 1, we are many, so work with us or fuck off"" lol"
Magnets?
On a PC-like platform the store that sell you a scam software is probably liable for it.
Actually I had to drop my stuff off after the landing.
Freelee?
culture^TM
UCLA lost their QB and TCU only has one big loss (WVU) the other losses were all super close if you saw the games.
My uncle at Niantic has revealed that the game will come with a nice in-game search function that will allow you to look up all the info on the battle mechanics.
"Fair enough, compromise"
That's what she said.
He'd probably be too mad to finish his homework.
Yeah but the fact that he has such a great chance of killing someone before he dies makes him a great addition to the team if you have enough breach-ability already.
How far did you have to push it to work today?
Is the food chain a new concept?
There's a reference?
"They probably just throw the new recruits into the pilots seats, I doubt there's even a pilots room or rank."
that's because you view her as an object inherently worth more than a man based on sex
"dang, scamp"
"The split certainly didn't help, but the Liberals survived Joesph Chamberlain and about 90 others splitting off to form the Liberal Unionists, however that time round the Liberals did not have to compete with Labour for the status of being the second party and they had the backing of the Irish Parliamentary Party"
"I think so too, just a little bit."
Like a highschool science experiment where you know the outcome because you read it in your textbook.
Yeah true mouthbreathing at it's finest
Hey bud
Have you tried unpinning and repinning?
"Looks fantastic, fits in with the previously existing buildings (something which most architects don't seem to be able to do)."
"Yes and I'd imagine so, it looks a bit thrown together"
"I don't disagree that it's ridiculous, but it's still important to know."
You prefer crotch spawn dick pokey?
Looks like OP forgot to switch accounts.
"Fight as gladiators, it's the only true way."
"It is a good thing though, a good bit of those bacteria are in your gut helping you digest your food."
Yeah but Pepe is SUCH a cunt
"Never too hairy for me, I just love a super hairy man, so damn hot"
Personal opinion: maybe one or two more for his career Realistic option: nope he never misses
People who are smart enough to take a terrorist's iPhone and reset the Apple ID before the investigation begins.
How is it possible to have a high ft rating?
Mom's spagetti makes my knees weak
click the link and create an account!
Guess chinatown food courts are out for you.
"I honestly see more ""use #spiritofchildren to show support"" than #spirithalloween, I think we might have 1 sign up for that one."
Apparently getting sent to jail didn't put a dent in this guy's belief that he can get away with anything.
N
"They generally don't teach HS how to deadlift, they'll usually stick to trap bar DL and cleans instead."
Big Nas is love; Big nas is life
Wait...are the iron islands Cthulhu worshippers?
"They can do anything, they just have to want to and then write it into the law, and then pardon them."
Yes but wallet chains are very much out of style plz no one wear wallet chains I'm starving
Too dark for kids to understand hahaha
"It's like a tiny little Hitler leading a big party of Nazis, dawww!"
"A lot of people all over the US make money off coal, because of railroads, however, there has been a steady rise in the railroads making money off natural gas, because of fracking water trains, fracking sand trains, and the failure of the Keystone XL pipeline forcing Natural Gas producers to ship it by train."
Trades?
Join powerlevel room
This guy needs to be taken out before he starts more shit!
You need to quit apps that you no longer actively use in OS X. It does not work like iPad.
No snitches
To each their own.
"Playing FFXI when I was like 13, I mentioned in linkshell (guild) that I was saving up Gil (money) to buy $ExpensiveItem, and the leader was like 'no you aren't, you're not someone who ever sees things through', and I didn't really realize it at the time but it fucked with me for a while"
"LOL, I'm trying hard not to."
"I suspect he decided not to give the Congress too much credit, as they are basically just lickspittles that work for the Military-Industrial part."
holy shit
Because Putin is a disenfranchised minority who lacks a political voice and therefore deserves to be shown deference.
I gay married a girl from a polygamist Mormon cult.
Frankie Cooks is the greatest show ever!
I couldn't finish reading that article... they typos and fragmented sentences (especially in the captions trying to explain what we're looking at) turned me off.
Signed.
"Also pre check with tsa, speeds security up way faster"
Aren't they far out though?
I'm not sure if you are trolling or just retarded.
"referring to Jankowski, not Backlund, right?"
"If you lose enough fat, any and all muscle mass will start to show up."
If it had of been $16 with postage maybe.
"It really sickens me when ""progressives"" defend sickos like Grayson and Assange just because of their politics..."
UK: 40% non-desert barely inhabited
Either way you weren't because they're fake...
Tecknikal Deth Mitel
"Mate, you can't..."
Maybe she could spend more time without clothing to reduce the risk of transmitting the condition?
Same thing that happens when unions go on strike.
"Assuming you play the amount of time that a healthy, productive member of society would."
Almost Half of all the people in America who play games are women..
"And what pisses me off, is that he won many fights he shouldn't have by split decisions."
And yet at conferences with men (presumably men with balls) that have to sit all day for several days (not just for a 30 minute commute) and do so with legs crossed or legs together because slouching and airing out your nut sack looks unprofessional and is disrespectful to the speakers.
"I'm running my sister in law through SOTFS between 3, and it's still incredibly active."
"Do heroic strikes, they give your light +2 or +3 armor/weapons until 365."
go to protect them mineral rights and the trans-afghan pipeline.
I am mod and I approve this message
yeah Infamous is pretty awesome
"It's a lesson in ""You are not the boss here"" for them!"
I dig the dabbuccino rig!
Pay for training the street.
"Thank you, my eyebrows are my biggest treasure"
Book of tooth op
"If he was considering moving to a new country anyway, a young man might decide to make that his career."
"Seriously, people tend to lose all of their fear in fight when it's fight or don't eat."
"It's not an attitude, it's a fact"
Absurd.
Are you sure his name isn't Raul?
He also doesn't do ESL because his buttbuddy Thorin said some dumb shit and got banned.
Awesome!
Nikon 35mm f/1.8 DX would be a solid choice (~50mm equiv.)
Very nice.. Where did he teach that?
I'm not good at calculus i need a calculator
Crash logs can definitely contain identifiable information specific to your machine.
Stirring up shit as always.
I'll give Danica this - in indy - she was pretty close to winning Indy 500 a couple times.
They are called exactly that in many languages.
Other did?
Book sales.
"haha what a page to hold up, lucky no one here reads Arabic."
Metroid style adventure / exploration game
Looks like Michael has narcolepsy
WE STARVIN FAM......
Still makes it criminal but I agree he should be pardoned.
"Yes, if the cops break the rules, you can get off if certain evidence was obtained through the cops breaking of the rules."
Imagine being this alienated.
You say it like we all aren't gonna do the exact same thing.
I just go by Ron now.
Now THIS is the definition of Hen-REKT.
The Onion used to write much better articles Oh wait..that is someother site
"Yeah obviously, every time you try the light will burn you."
What shoes are those?
What were they making up for?
There are more planets in our solar system than brains in our bodies
CX needs more hammocks
nice tits
The thirst is strong in this one!
Come up to Michigan and you'll have fun with your car rusting in a few years.
Not about his sexual prowess and status of confidence?
Yut
27 and 11 with 4 assists at the end of three quarters.
My wife found one on the beach in Gulf Shores on spring break.
But millions of parentals think otherwise.
I predict children threatening their parents if they do not sign a paper acknowledging sufficient visitation.
There's something about old covers that takes me back to childhood reading.
But then I have to AIM... rip
They could sacrifice a few hundred OMACs to convert his body and mind into an OMAC
"It's not even satire, it's propaganda, since they only attack one party."
#rekt
"I read somewhere that McAdoo didn't have one, forgot to get one, and had to get it done in a rush so he could travel."
No but it is childish
me irl
if you are an ignorant racist maybe
"Rarity is a double fliter of Stars and type, so it's easy to find captains."
Epic madden tournament
Fucking moron.
"Yeah what you are doing is not what AE is really designed for, even if it can be done."
"Well if government no longer represents the people, and instead only listens to the money of big business, then it is the duty of the people to create a new government that serves them instead of the oligarchs."
"Seriously, when did adults and teenagers become aww material?"
now fifi has a companion!
"i haven't fired it up yet (mostly cuz tired after work), but how does it compare to ETS2?"
Thats because everyone else picks him up before the heroes even show up during picking.
don't jinx it or he will get his ACL torn :\
The same reason Bayern's home stadium is called Allianz Arena
Drugs are fun.
"It's really not, lol."
So what causes the energy in the first place?
"So what you're saying is that you want Mojang to fix all your mods so that they work in multiplayer, for free?"
Yup
Hitler did warn us
Well he *does* have a point.....
It's a vlog.
"Accel only matters when your pulling them, or on screens"
30 days
"more like ""Douchbag Leo"""
Only one?
me too thanks
Aw I get it now.
Black literally caught Raging Goku's punch with 1 hand.
Zimbabwe!
My fucking sides...
"Its been rock solid for me since release, not a single crash."
Haha good to see Keegan-Michael Key in this.
"Weird, reddit keeps telling me Japan must accept millions of immigrants (preferably Arab or Black) in order to fix it's ""continuing birthrate decline"""
"hybrid trap, neurofunk, festival trap, festival trap."
24 fps has the good effects because it is cinematic.
I like that you gave Exeggutor the One Punch Man-face
"I never really cared for them tbh, out of all the house guys on MC the only one more poppy and obnoxious is vicetone"
"For all its faults, Saudi Arabia actually has quality higher education in scientific fields and it's a pretty popular choice for students."
The real reason to say it's dying is that it does very poorly among millenials and the baby boomers are rapidly aging.
I don't see a mustache.
"Uh oh, I think I'm getting sick too... coughcough... definitely can't fast now, nope nope."
"Sadly no idea, PM em with a kink?"
Clearly a case of kids who didn't pay attention during DARE in school
"Columbus was an invader and a mass murder, I understand why they changed the name of that day."
Don't try to talk to girls this instant then
"Oh, huh, sorry about that."
...good luck with what?
fuck
Kicker.
me too thanks
"Read the book wicked, it explains a lot about how she keeps clean, lives life etc."
Yeah I was with him until the three forms of ID bullshit
Expert political strategists.
Yup.
Let's hope Agbonlahor is out wide and not Kodjia
"AB InBev control rarely, if ever, means good things."
So hardcore
"Ya, I was thoroughly impressed with the beta, and read some of the tweaks they made based off of player input make it sound better then bo2 (the last good cod imo)"
Deep fried bbq pizza..and yes it does taste good
"1 out of 3 people will die, however the other 2 will also die unfortunately."
Apparently neither can you
I've always thought the line was finer between Ryan and Jim.
That was adorable.
"Yea, but see, the thing is, you are talking about *real* people."
"No, that was the eternal update that came for the original binding of isaac"
Fuck those people.
Is it dead already?
Try hodor
This is so accurate.
Or use unblocked dot one.
I loved that entire episode.
"I see, many thanks."
"It didn't lead to rebellion when they **did** try it, so what's different now?"
nkosi sikelel iafrika
lol
"Origin wrapper - updated how Origin interacts with BF3, AlienFX - fancy color-changing keyboard backlight on Alienware laptops Eyefinity - AMD technology that lets you play games on multiple monitors"
"x=0 and kill the flyer, works just fine but MOST of the time..."
Dude I fucking love Lovejoy
Especially the part about Courtney Love leading a successful life...
Life
I have one on my left bicep and one on my right bicep that are symmetrical to each other.
"I want an easily moddable civ, easy to import models as well as a dedicated Civ builder"
Tell me again how bad cops are rarer than a unicorn.
Removed for being illegal
"you don't scroll, you click on the minimap or use unit hotkeys like queens once again, the people who think they are so much better than everyone because they use core/grid/fotm hotkey system that is ergonomic and just so fucking good think everyone should adopt their pseudo-intellectual bullshit and being comfortable is not a factor in playing"
"Hey man, we don't have to talk about Football season if you don't want too /:"
All you need to install an AC is a window and a power outlet.
Does that not spoil your ballot?
IIRC churches don't have to show their books.
"Hell yes, when going out for a steak is normal and not a very rare luxurious treat, I'll know I'm doing really damn well for myself."
"I don't think he's really implying anything, just presenting a ""hey guys look how fucking crazy this shit is"" kinda deal."
I woke up my parents :(
"Oh man, i forgot about this comment... Never realised how close I was to eating my pubes"
"Tom found a way to get in her warded room anyway, so you could say a glitch will make her time all for nothing"
Off topic.
"T1 Bolt, T2 Remand, T3 Blood Moon on the draw is still going to be pretty problematic for Burn if they don't have a hand stacked with monored spells."
I think their point was that encouraging censorship in an academic environment is not conducive to productive or honest discussion.
Give us the list of points you have been thinking of as a starting point ....
Aw man I was hoping you'd name it Garrus or something.
Probably something to do with Te-Ni.
"So if you don't seek state power to protect your rights, what's stopping a mob or someone with a bigger gun to take away your property?"
"""Pla plate"" is styrene"
Probably
Cops are there to protect the exploiter from the exploited
"Fair enough, I don't really want to drop $120 right now.. But at the same time I love this game so fucking much it's hard to resist."
Even more so after the ps3 had free background-choice
Predator Drone
Also having them valet your car.
This comment deserves to be seen by more people.
The only STEM emotion is IMPOTENT RAGE.
It is horrible that there are places on Earth where people are killed for simply speaking their mind or expressing themselves.
Why do you like it though?
Peace through superior firepower.
"unironic XD, downvotes are well deserved."
Agreed
Parts of it at least...
The same claims are made about culture too.
Buying the Endless Snow globe Finisher in 2013 only to have thousands of 5 use snow globe finishers drop during Wintersday 2014 ;~;
Sri Mulyani after Jokowi ye ?
"After this failed attempt, did the US legal system awarded or punished GM?"
"You can say your dick is any size you want, that still doesn't make it true internet creepers."
"Two bayos in top 64, one in top 16 that seems pretty good but not crazy"
Looks dope imo
Or dangerous levels of smug
With a VLIST.
"No, Schmitty Werben Jeigermanjensen was #1!"
As I read 36B wale I thought it was a couple lol
"Op isnt a thief, it was just a really low effort unoriginal comment."
That
Started working!
kevin duckworth and that ass are in it to win it.
Here's a third.
Helix Wingardium Leviosa!
KappaPride
I zoomed in really quick and then had to zoom out to check that you were not in fact Leonardo Dicaprio
Go Go Power Warriors
^ Approved
It puts the lotion on its fur.
Burn it to the Ground (Sonic Dx)
"Holy fucking crack dance, batman!"
Fleshlights
"You didn't have to give the descriptions of yourself in the title, we can tell just by looking at you"
So what if it is?
"Problems with memory, bias, bad interview techniques and all the issues around our trickster brains are my primary interest in this case."
"Is the correct plural of ""penises"" actually ""penii""?"
"It's not exactly Sanders' version of socialism, because at least the Nordic countries are smart enough to not have minimum wages, not have as many state-sponsored unions, and don't have massive tariffs and barriers to free trade."
I don't give a single flying fuck.
Where is it?
Look at his per 36 by far the bestseason of his career.
You don't see it because the mods delete those posts.
It will look at you the same way though... forever^and^ever^and^ever
Lol nah it comes from an old need for speed hot pursuit soundtrack.
"OS X has had good, useful, working gesture support in one form or another since 2005 or earlier, so don't hold your breath."
It's either in the process of traveling upward in its little arc or the guy who drew it sucked
Start touching his penis.
too bad they got caught in the net.
Was at the wrong zoo
inb4 guest star cool cat
get a room you two
impressive.
"classic dan, always muckin about."
"You don't dive at him and reach down to touch him, but not touch him too hard."
wut
And still gives the Sheen proc
Bless you for helping your mom
"Yes, don't be like Texanada or Minnesomalia."
Where has he explicitly said that?
This is actually a pretty kickass idea
"Aye, there are literally heavier lights in the game."
"With roof access, too."
He flies coach.
They killed my WIFE!
"Any old computers, mice, keyboards?"
I'm an Englishman in New York
Adult tonsillectomy
"Dynamic, Zoom at 14, Height at 11."
I don't think so.
I hope you find the person who will love you in spite of your history and be an amazing source of support to you in this journey
It was far from offensive and hardly inappropriate.
Muslims gonna muzz...
"I wanna shove my penis into an asshole, gonna be an arid day."
She was my favorite female character season one
GUYS I FOUND THE PCMR NERD
"The reason they don't do this is to prevent vote buying, which was a problem in the past."
"If there is one thing I've learned, it's that there are no easy bets."
That's horrible
As long as worse players aren't being used instead I don't think people will care as much
I'll just add that the Peashooters shots have way more range.
And you certainly don't want to let kids near said paintings lest said paintings be accidentally fisted
what brand name?
Rekt
"if i was playing, overtime would not have kicked in."
They can go straight to Hell!
"Cause I'm a silly sausage, I forgot to block out a couple of usernames when I submitted this before."
"MrFijiWiji - The Mentalist, Cynical, Let Me Out; Stephen Walking - Short Shorts Mitchell Claxton - Fire Vortex Atmozfears - State of Mind Pegboard Nerds - Bassline Kickin, Bring the Madness; DotEXE - Inside Out"
...guess not
But that would be copying HotS.
"I'm pretty sure the not paying taxes part is illegal, though."
That and they still see video games as a boy's club.
Click the button the other user posted.
I prefer Xi'an women.
Loving the transitions.
"Get your gear set up, check strings and any other preliminary checks, put on costume, load up gear"
"I've lived in dorms, Never had this issue."
"What did you think you were doing when you called me a ""dumb shit douche"" for bringing actual stats into the conversation?"
PCPartPicker man.
He said TRIGGER everyone.
I would love them.
Caiden confirmed to be collaborating with HCF irl
"But I 'm sure he can see the business opportunity of renewable energy, and the idea of not having to rely on foreign oil is an attractive prospect."
Arent SP and LS stackable?
Pretty odd because I notice Novak fans with the highest upvote totals...
"thx, googled her and I couldn't find anything about her 'investing skills' lol"
Think about all the money they can rake in
Murder on the Orient Express - Agatha Christie
google how to join madokami
Sorry this isn't a throwaway account and I'd rather not say.
"You couldn't see their address, you could only see the last 4 digits of their number which is useless."
Cellulose Cauldrons.
"You are so vendor agnostic, may Gaben bless your soul."
Obviously our children are getting smarter with each generation.
But what if you're taking picture of an LE display for information purposes.
"I know, but his twitter was just as much of a shitshow all through the election"
The article says that he spoke with Chip
Someone is projecting hard.
Personal attack much?
make sure the wii remote is paired with the mac via the bluetooth settings before pairing it to dolphin
"I don't want to be alarmist, but I saw a lot of cases like this on the subway -- I think your dog has a hard drug problem.."
I thought this was IGN ratings.
It's the guy!
It is possible to believe in global warming and its effects without believing in man-made global warming.
"As a fellow activist once told me ""the worse trolls are the serious ones that don't even realize they are trolling"""
Mustache looks boss.
i7 4790S
Wow you sound like a tool.
GOAT Chalmers
Not a bad time to say you can pick up odd 105 bits here and there once you have the shifters second hand for not too much money!
Moore
Another case of people buying stuff without reading the finer print...
"I am sure he's not selling it for this price, usually on Ebay sellers put the price high up like that so nobody would buy when they run out of stock so they don't have to pay for the listing fee over again."
bakuman has lied to us :O
Gamergate is also about censorship.
Wet Hot American Summer
Skree PANDA PANDA PANDA
In Soviet Russia...Ring sols you
"If only we had you as a dictator, ur clearly enlightened on the topic."
"Pretty much all of those rules seem to come down to poop, actually."
"A community meme would also be ""29 for sure"" where the player called Reynad would lose his team, Tempo Storm, a game in the Red Bull Team Brawl where he didn't count correctly lethal (bringing your opponent to X health to 0 in the turn by counting all your available damage recources)."
Darwin award nominee.
Same here; uuggggghhhhhh
Why is it a secret?
My books must have had their batteries die because I don't remember that.
She wants to spare him the horrible truth?
The happy little tree is actually pretty good to heal in the laning phase imho
"No, but they have a fan who dresses up as a train conductor!"
I'll run for political office so I can get more street cred
I know here in North Carolina illterate bearded men have been a real problem for the last couple of decades atleast.
Stop studying lol.
And that costume jewelry isn't helping.
"Highjacked does not mean its deep in the ocean ""duh"" ?"
I just went from 6 to midnight
That witch is flying very low to the ground.
"My stereotype of the peaceful, mindful buddhist has been crushed."
"thanks a lot man, that'll be my internal bloody mantra for about a week now"
"I can still connect to VAC secured servers though, what gives?"
Dont care ill take it
"The songs grow on you too, wasn't too impressed until a few days later when I found myself humming ""You're Welcome"""
"Yeah I was trying to get the question out before I went to work so I could look at the answers during my lunch break, but I was actually trying to see what people's favorite domestic shows are and how they compare to the most popular domestic shows in said country."
BBW: Black Babushka Woman
*than People still complain about mini-sentries?
Not this shit again
Apparently you don't understand the difference between kilowatt and megawatt.
Good review - well done for going into what *doesn't* work!
And don't forget the car chase
"So, did you attempt an emergency deceleration, or did the gravity of the black hole force you out of supercruise?"
Yeah
This is the right answer
Harry Potter and the drug bag fuck of ron
"The wording ""With battery life like this, I may stay on Windows 7"" implies that OP would update but the battery life makes him stay on Windows 7."
Poutine au fromage.
Yoel never guess what she named her other kids!
Aww poor Gene Roddenberry.
I *creamed*
I see... Thank you for the clarification.
Standard scoring I like Miller more
Don't slide down on crazy.
LUL
Doesn't count.... she's a cheese.
What the hell are you saying?
I want to give her the baby oil rub down before her fights.
"I wouldnt call hatching trash ""Luck"""
R2?
Thank you very much :)
For the lazy ITT: Lots of people saying the England football team will perform shit at the World Cup and Scotland will stay in the UK.
This is like actually good advice.
"Narrated Ibn `Umar: The Prophet ([](/pbuh)) said, ""Authority of ruling will remain with Quraish, even if only two of them remained."""
For You
It's too accurate.
"""a matter of great principle""... This will not fare well for Mike Baird."
More evidence to suggest that the 2 party system is the fucking same through out.
"This is brilliant, thanks for the laughs."
Thanks!
This subreddit and the downvotes.
out of the way stupid
"Oh, I got it when it first came out, and held onto it for Black Friday/ Cyber Monday."
Lol?
"It's not really comparable, back then a few of the climate scientists thought that cooling might be the problem and now almost all of the climate scientists think that warming is the problem."
Cards have been recieved.
"Amazing, way to go"
But... it breathes for you!
A country in such disarray you would expect the US to be there weaponising a cartel to take over the government
Fold!
Pixels.
Oui mais pas de femmes.
"Oh sure, but recite the 4th Amendment and there's cops within minutes."
"You need to download the Amazon version of Hearthstone, when you try to buy stuff through it there will be an option to use Amazon coins instead of gold or real money."
I just realized something as well... it's completely possible that Quirrell was stronger than Snape.... it's also possible that his magic was being aided by Voldemort's magic... but it could be that Quirrell was actually a badass and better than Snape (which is why Snape's counter wasn't effective).
LMAO that's the most pathetic thing I've ever heard
"All I remember is Jeff Gordon winning and the sun had just gone down, making his paint scheme look really freakin cool"
Mirror's Edge was absolutely amazing.And it still is
0
"Tomatoes are my TRIGGER, shitlord!"
"Toss my salad, dude."
No.....
"Hornets, Denver and Sacramento also seem to have our number."
"I'll start doing them, thanks!"
"Yes and it would be interesting to discover whether people pick jobs based on their last name because of simple subconscious suggestiveness, because their family has a long lineage within that occupation since old times (nurture) or if people are biologically predisposed to want to have that occupation, or are better at it due to some trait inheritance (nature)"
"Yeah, that's not what's happening with Title II, but keep spreading that FUD."
And I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon.
Try tap clicking.
""" Leah you just lost lead role in MI 6 and King of Queens movie franchise for a silly documentary "" - Space Aliens"
Like the actual ranking will look after week 17.
"Kinda still learning, but TIL that lol"
So brave.
Nah yer grand.
Do you still go there?
They actually spawn in the wild down there?
app is for tablets too
Best vampire movie evah.
SHUT THE FUCK UP
"How to guide, PLEASE?"
I tend to go 25 (K) and 10 (D) on average and I still get pissed off for some reason.
AC is a rarity in Europe.
ggs hell of a team right there
Yeah a few angles of difference can mean you sling shot or you burn.
It's entertaining to see how much salt he can spew within 20 mins
A wizard did it.
Can I pretend I don't care about the Lions?
Don't ruin it.
What is this
or the fact this most of reddit is male.
#helpmeobiwan #hashtag
Well you know those pesky experts with their research and studies...
"If there's one team that would know about being another shitty team after their best player retires, its definitely the bulls."
Auto correct can go pluck my wary squalls.
The non-circular form of this argument.
midget porn &lt;3
My OCD was kicking in for the misaligned picture frames and the non-centered spotlights.
I think it was more the dead parents thing.
"So, spiritualism is an innate trait?"
What I get for browsing Reddit on my phone!
"I'm gonna call it ""Crazy stairs!"""
Maybe he's just cosplaying as a douchebag bro?
"In 4th grade, one of my teachers duct taped my friend's mouth shut because he talked so much in class."
"Those ""common moderate Islamic views"" are pretty radical in western society, and there in lies the problem."
"You can't acquire a Bengal, you can only occupy."
THERES MORE!
does the Shiseido website ship to Australia?
Is it doxxing when the information comes from the past 2-3 pages of a user's Reddit profile (and one Yelp search)?
Thank you for explaining this more thoroughly!
No backsies!
"I know, it fits lore, they could just pick better bodyparts I think.. I hope they at least re-make him into full tank with better options."
"know this man... you were there to kill people,she better human being than you are."
"oh god, this is happening"
The weird dash thing you do in cars really threw me off :/
Someone needs to install adblock
"And Spiked, whose editorial team is dominated by libertarians, is *not* reactionary...?"
That's actually pretty funny.
"I know its not too old but, god I want a remake of Elfen Lied."
Lizard Squad where you at doe?
They banned porn previously
thanks man
*Applies shitty sword to trickstered area*
is it possible to have a negative neck
No he doesn't.
The posters in this thread dismissing this make me sick.
We need a hearthstone_irl subreddit.
The only thing i have complained genuinely about is the Last of us and uncharted not coming to the xbox because those are fucking awesome ass games.
"13 episodes x $185k per episode = ~$2.4 million Damn, if every subscriber of this sub pitched in $100, we could just buy a season ourselves."
He was terrible on the Mavs.
2920+
This.
you throw the eggs for a random chance to spawn another chicken?
TIL Victarion is a drowned man
With the rumor it might be a reality: New Gods
"Yep, they will be in!"
"I don't know, can you?"
Tbh that could happen anywhere in the world
490
"I wasn't there but from the Facebook page, it seems it was oversold, long lines for beer and bourbon samples, very little bacon, and a lot of stuff required pay beyond the $75 ticket."
"Gasoline, my friend."
I'm pretty sure it was.
TEST flagship?
"""Honey, you have to sell your sport car, we need more room for the kids!"""
"I think it is default unless you are in a group, then you have to switch over to team chat."
I don't have a Boston accent so your last sentence is misguided.
I second this motion.
Yep that's her
Bat Boy?
Oh shit now the mods captured Tits and Ass guy too?
Wouldn't most of it be burned off by the heat generated by the impact/explosion?
Tupurrware
I don't know much about Lenin other than what he did so I can't comment.
Guess I'll try my luck as well!
"Must be from the future, I don't get the reference yet"
"What are you going to do, if they don't go 0-28?"
Be a model like this guy.
It'd be crazy to see Tormund not wearing his wildling clothes
don't put that voodoo magic on us!
no u.
"So theoretically, you could blow a hole into a meteor, launch an ore probe into it, and see what's inside it from pretty much anywhere (within reason) right?"
You wouldn't be caught dead *in a hat*?
So that's what those solar panels are for...
"Does downtown do fireworks for the 4th of July, or do they only do New Years?"
"That explains a lot, I originally quit playing because my pure archer felt so weak and lame to play, but when I came back it is so much more fun now!"
"I think he was referring to the update to Tribes, which they were able to work on again because Smite was such a success, of course for a lot Tribes players it was a lil too late"
"Don't remember her being anti lgbt, especially not in recent history."
Wouldnt there be one in CUP?
It's legal so they get tested regularly by the government.
When I think classic I think Vegas
Looks like a fancy PC mouse.
"""It's his fault you assaulted him"" -Reddit"
Welcome to the gang!
"Since vehicles are practically invulnerable to small arms fire, this is a welcome addition."
I doubt the system could handle that many npc's.
I've personally always thought it was intentional to be that corny.
Still more professional than the United States Presidential Election.
"From Idaho, can confirm :(."
"I want a full version to see what it spells out at the end out of touched ""credits"""
"depends on the motors, and mAh rating the batteries, and how long you expect it to run."
Oh thanks I wasn't sure.
"Some airlines have started banning lithium based batteries, even in checked luggage, so good luck with this robot bag."
When is the summer sale?
you rake out first
"And people are willing to defend these scum for being ""job creators""."
PVC
"Historically, Nintendo realised that selling consoles at a loss *is a really dumb business decision* and focused on gameplay using ""outdated"" hardware instead."
Be a shame if someone were to... ...**RUN.THE.TABLE**
"Good, are you a supporter of the marine corp?"
You've never played Arena or Daggerfall :D
What is the virtue of a proportional response?
It's disrespectful as fuck; the dead part is pretty much irrelevant here.
"Or, is out of rounds...."
I can not believe that new york will be down for long.
"The first rule of reddit, is that everybody is welcome here."
"I never would have guessed from that paragraph that Hayden, Idaho was a city in Idaho."
Just a business name.
...your point?
how do people not now this.......
"Voter fraud != election fraud, and that didn't occur either."
"The fucks your problem man, I don't know why you're trying to prove yourself on the internet."
There's been a lot in the midwest recently
haha just rip it up to 55 mph and then chill :P
"OMG can we get a NSFL tag on this please, i cant bear this !"
"I'm urban(near Toronto), it still comes out fahkin if it's a heated moment."
Rather have a Shake-Shack
g to the boob
Thanks !
Sedin Jagr Sedin line?
Why the fuck would a gas company be driving on a garden walking path?
What if you go on adventures *with* Indiana Jones?
Obligatory Satou
"First of all, what are dollars dollars, and how does their value compare with US dollars?"
Thought this was on a pint.
I feel like these are all John Mulaney references.
I'm finding it hard to believe your average sandy hook truther has ever been complimented on their smarts.
No Lids?
But if we want our dick to be settled with?
yep!
You'd best start believing in social recluse threads... you're in one.
"That's up to you, but I wouldn't call that ""giving more to society than most of us"""
Fuck russia
Salvation Army
Well you are ;)
I just love the swashbuckling feel of 'Tools of Destruction' at times.
Booty had me like
"no it's more that if the community likes a map so much it will be added to active duty/reserves like cache plus i highly doubt many people will play those maps, as even when the operation is on most of the maps have hours of que times"
... It's still the same amount of time played if you rope every turn in one game instead of just playing 3 games...
Dude was coooold bloooooooooded tonight.
What about that sentence isn't clear?
We're going to OT!
what did it say?
1 in 50 is a very forgiven figure.
I just can't picture him with long hair... :/
That and they just spent their money on weed.
Bro you've got some chopmunk cheeks
I hate to think of the people who don't get the help they need under your judgmental care.
Can you feel the hate yet?
I really hope so; however I'm too used to shit like that on the internet!
Most useful info ITT
I did a pass around my room with an IR sensitive camera and found nothing other than the lighthouses.
Well as a mexican he has to do his duty.
Preservatives in our food
"OP, I'm doubting your Googling skills :( I Googled ""Smite BDK"" and the first two results (about the Jungle and the Joust map) had ""Bull Demon King"" in bold."
I only meant mutation and evolution to poetic license in the MU.
"Don't bother reading anything that's less than about 2 points, most of it is indirect support of elo-boosting because 'snitching is what little kids do'"
"With all due respect, I think a good many people would disagree"
This is one of those games where it's filled with bugs but they're more often than not hilarious.
"As much as people talk about Hollywood 'whitewashing' I thought having a Nigerian actor play 'Vincent Kapoor' was some pretty blatant 'blackwashing,' especially when you consider that there are quite a few people of Indian descent that work at NASA."
Rachel Mancow already said this.
Paired with hemorrhoids
That's no ~~moon~~ clover
Didn't he not really enjoy being on the Chiefs?
"Hear hear, both for comment and relevant username."
Now a days it's all pure emoticons and no logicons
Holy shit YES
"Never get your phone from a carrier if you want timely updates, period."
"What I can't understand is why anybody would want to subject an audience to speech by George W. Bush, let alone give him a $100,000 for it."
'you will pay for this in time'
TIL house was British...
that looks so fucking good
There is something oddly appealing about those little kiosk style shops.
"I wish they'd just do some optimization, a game that looks like kotor 2 shouldn't be as resource intensive as skyrim"
None of these guys should be on tv analyzing football
The judge can throw it away because he doesn't like it.
You are a wise and just Pizza God.
"Damn, foiled again."
Let's Go Germany!
"For me, eating out is usually more appealing after my girlfriend showers."
"They're not that common, Reddit just has a borderline obsession with them."
But what if POTUS bans you from all bars?
"Of everything you're tried, to they all have the same texture that you don't like or each have a different texture and you just don't like any of them?"
"If he wasn't calling them out as ""lazy assholes,"" he wouldn't have posted."
I think he was both angry *and* drunk at the time of this recording.
"I used to live there, it was nice in the desert."
"The certainly lied, but the Libs not releasing any policies is far from them saying they won't be changing anything."
Mainly just because I was bored and this was the first idea that came to my head.
"Sergio's bits were awesome and totally would have been lost in translation if I weren't bilingual My favorite (paraphrased) ""You better hope someone in your corner; the ref, the doctor, your trainer, **ANYONE** have mercy on you, because I wont"" Or ""..... And because I was **never** my promotors puppet.... That's why I will die standing and not defeated like Jr....."""
8th grade science teacher was sleeping with two seventh grade girls.
Every post-ti patch heavily nerfed current ti champion rather heavily.
I know one person I can ask - but not making any promises
Let's not talk about that
"well rockey horror is a shitty transmisogynistic movie, so not an argument to not call this shitty."
I still kinda like the clouds as they add another layer to the image (though it would have looked great without them!)
"My favorite part of this is at 1:55 when Chevy drops the glass of water through the conga drum stand, pretending like its actually a table."
It isn't 'banned' so what's his problem?
"Thanks OP, now I'm terrified of my headphones."
The second coming of Lenhart....
He says he's a retired SGM
*66 here and tired of these types of stories......moving on*
It's also required under Australian law
Rape?
I can't wait until he runs out of secrets and the Russians take him to some Siberian hellhole to pump him for secrets.
Install gentoo.
"Yea, I'd like to see the source for the data displayed by that graph."
"And here I was thinking the cola wars was just a marketing war, nope turns out it's a religious one!"
"I have a 95 4runner, lets say i enjoy thebsun roof when offroading"
crowd sang the whole anthem
I didn't say anything about cartoon-style or classes... Just customization (I meant a personalized pilot/titan) and story.
"HERE'S AN IDEA: NEXT TIME YOU'RE AT WORK, MAYBE YOU COULD TRY WORKING PEASANTS NOT HAVING THEIR OWN OFFICE SMH"
"Rap album for irene, make it happen pls"
Good Jokes mate real funny See you at FUCK YOUJ
"My bad, I have seen Alien and I love it!"
TL;DW please
he's actually a really nice guy.
"They should have realised thay had a problem with Jewish extremists back in 1995, when one of them killed their PM, Isaac Rabin."
"He may have went back to look down the elevator shaft to watch the elevator, and then his foot slipped..."
"It's a genre a lot of people wouldn't enjoy, even if the writing is good."
I think $12.80 is reasonable.
"someone on the live feed chat just said that Austin's girlfriend tweeted about ""no longer being with him, he just doesn't know it yet"" I'm currently trying to find her to possibly confirm this"
Eating dinner at 10 pm doesn't help either.
"I would assume that the implication is what would lead to issues, but I'm not very informed on these kinds of things."
I'm with you... we'll just get some whiskey or something and be over there.
And cheap enough that you don't need to worry about babying them.
"Him and Bryzgalov doing commentary, make it happen!"
"""I only put his dick in my mouth, but said no after that"""
"Do me a favor, Control + F Rule 6"
"I believe walls also prevent spawns (in most but not all cases), so you might get something by *blocking out the sun*."
*Slowly adjusts Red Sox cap*
I had no idea Tie Fighters were so big.
"As an alternative, renting a car for half a day would be relatively inexpensive, if you can drive it."
And then people wondered why the Nazis invaded.
Have u done it
He is blatantly dodging the question though which is what might make some people uncomfortable since national defence is pretty important issue to know one's stance on.
Well that's gay
yup
"I know you're asking for android but if any iphone users come looking for an alarm you can use the default reminders app and change the reminder sound to a ring tone, it will only play once :)"
Illori if he stays and doesn't go on loan might get a few games in the cups but I think it might be a season or two too early for Teixeira.
"I have no clue what is going on in this video, what ""TYT"" is, or how this is supposed to be relevant to this sub.."
Very true.
So how do they even create 8g for 30 seconds anyways.
"thanks, i will fix it :)"
I got a pretty rare skateboard in near mint condition for a really great price
Basketball players can now slams people like in hockey.
"Although, considering at one point in time in European cultures salt was used as a store of wealth, I suppose combining them works also :P"
"Considering how much capitalists love property rights, you'd think they'd be really upset about this."
dabin is a god
Yes
"Trying to put off a baby, eh?"
Lol.
"Okay, no problem"
The hair that spawned a thousand fetus.
"""The lady doth protest too much, methinks."""
"It is, and it was a while ago, I'll try to find it."
"Turn off location, i think"
"Chill it, dude."
I'll take one 'weezy' please!
"When people have a hard time swallowing, they will thicken the liquids so they go down into his stomach instead of into his airway, which would cause him to aspirate."
For what he paid for the hardware yes he was.
"yep, punchline in title."
And that someone is most likely not going to be from the group it would offend.
*citation needed.
"Copy constructor, yes."
"Bah, Redstone is the way to go!"
SNL should monitor it and bait him by doing another sketch then when he tweets about it they should break sketch and read it live on air and have the whole country laughing at him.
I'm referring to the tiny black specks against the glass on the white
The Burninator!
I would make it so that everyone with a dick would have the exact same size dick as me so people could finally stop worrying about the size of their goddamn dicks.
'Eye' and 'Aye' are pronounced the same way
"Got it, I'm adding you now."
I know that stats don't say everything about a player but comparing two attackers by their goals and assists (especially when one of them plays in Serie A and the other in Portugal) doesn't seem too crazy to me.
You made two people laugh for one Upvote here.
I'm a she.
What does that even mean?
I believe that the smurf in the thumbnail actually used to rub it into his skin and then use a tanning bed while also drinking the poisonous version of colloidal silver that he made himself at home.
Because free stuff is as good as it gets.
Because it was outside their comfort box and they don't like being wrong
"So, anyone who saw V for Vendetta?"
"Nobody suggested saying that, there is a proper feedback mechanism and it should be used, exclusively."
When Trump is involved the safe money is betting that he is the one lying.
So we wait until... Sunday?
"i've not been particularly confronted with the term ""basic bitch"" but i think basic is just an alliterative substitute for ""stupid""."
In what way?
Am I really the *only one* who sees this?
"You should think about finding a keyboard with an L key next time you land, before you find that VPN."
Pay the $offby100toll
Have you used S-Voice?
a lot
Yessir.
The chompie's deal sounds good...
That there is no more Pontiac....
offering 18keys
Do people come up at say this to you?
"I think the IR LEDs need to be closer to the face, not out on the brim like that."
The Lord of the Rings is an awesome universe to get into but my god sometimes it reads like a history textbook.
"I think they ignore the Old Testament, except for when they want to bash gays."
"So will I Eddie, so will I."
like unsourced conspiracies about the sitting POTUS firing illegal armaments and committing war crimes?
"*You forgot a "";"" hooman* ^^Crappy ^^programmer ^^joke"
"I had the same problem, I just queued for dungeons, did dailies in every zone( + craft ones) it went pretty quick"
"My wife has the card, she's driving in now... hang on... 450 no 8 no 6... wait while I get my glasses... just as sec, they're in the car... oh this card is expired... let me get the other one... damn my glasses won't stay on since the screw fell out... This could go on for hours."
Noice
"Manhattan, middle of summer in a friend's apartment without A/C on a slowly-deflating air mattress."
Tell me what the downsides are to cooking lamb sous vide.
Well that argument certainly changed my opinion.
"Yeh, I want to be that 50 year old dude everyone wants to be when they grow up."
"Yeah, mines only about $3.50"
another good place to ask: r/cscareerquestions I'd answer if I could but I'm still only in college!
He played at Vandy
And their mouths are wide open
"""You can see Russia from here"" Sarah Palin"
It can be indefinitely delayed and there's not a damn thing the EU can do about it
I'm lifting as heavy as I can (with good form) for 3 sets of 10-12 reps.
Es war aus Witz.
"He's a good player, but usually by the third period the coach has to put him down for a nap"
"Source is not one of the most used engines, it's notoriously artists to develop for and few games use it"
Just gotta BEEP that nose!
I expect my experience to be similar when i go see Neon Demon.
"No it's not, they wasted several people's time by doing bullshit arg that literally lead to nothing, hyping up a character for months only to say "" lol watch blizzcon tee hee "" and they're probably gonna do it again in the future, pointing them out on their bullshit is justified."
"Grand Rapids, Traverse City, Cadillac"
A human submarine
No way man we need to stream all the classic Fastlane matches that have happened over the years
Ask any girl who steals her boyfriend's hoodies.
The Pledge of Allegiance
"You can not locate the exact beep when you have exactly 10 seconds left everytime, so why not use it to be 100% sure if you've got it or not?"
"Don't forget fallout: guy walks in with full suit of power armour, let's rob him with a lead pipe."
*Two bananas
shower beer
People still believe this.
Pff
Somehow I'm not surprised it's one of the state universities...
"I had an ""an""cap, recently, try to tell me Private property pre-existed the state, I asked for some evidence, but of course, there is none."
See Apple for fucking up maps on a large scale.
It's a deep basket.
Maybe Porkins own gravitational field pulled the DeathStar into him lol
And if we start from lvl 10.
"I read that as ""accidentally had anal"" and could not have be more confused."
"As an Indians fan also, a part of me dies when ever this team hits the field."
Any chance you could make one for iPod touches/iPads that doesn't have the cellular dial?
There was no running into the kicker or roughing the passer which was instrumental to the come back in the first place.
DICE doesn't acknowledge anything other than pure ass-kissing.
"At least on reddit, outside of it, TSM still wins."
I'd ask if I can ride Binky.
"Zip lines are cool, but I'm more interested in what appears to be a swimming pool underneath her that is larger than my hometown."
I wouldn't call this a problem!
This made me laugh way harder than it should have.
"Anyone who would vote for a party that produced the Bush presidency and that would even consider Trump, deserves all of that and more"
I just love how it is still so relavant...even over 10 years later.
"Yeah, also for me joining the Adders."
Your boyfriend sounds incredibly lame to play with and against.
Who's the chick asking about the 'hot one' Boston bomber and Paul Walker's crash pics?
"She's worked for AT&amp;T, Lucent, and HP... Tell me again how those are small businesses..."
That didn't even make sense.
IW have really methunderstanded what the community want.
It was great but I noticed you crouch when you shoot.
Jungel over Jungle
Thanks I looked into it and found nothing so far.
They should have a lawsuit theater section of Reddit and leave the technology sections for technology based discussions.
"No, pretty sure this would be pushed by the app itself."
A custom match between two professional teams.
dats wot i fukin sed u wanka thems fitting words come ova and ill show u wots wot
That's numberwang!
TIL friendly taking down castle barricade replenishes castle's stock... Now I feel less bad taking them down when a bad castle boxes me in
"Yeah, but looking for an existing term in a dictionary is too time consuming, better invent your own word, or verb a noun or some shit."
"Well when you use it in that syntax, sure"
if there is any excess can the employee keep it ?
What an asshole
Tfw you have 400 games as Nova and accidentally Pyro a clone.
Lots of serviceman also keep firearms at home.
Whoosh
Einstein was most certainly a pantheist...
"Pro-tip: If you're going to make a video bashing some girl on a bicycle, be sure to catch on video what, if anything, she did wrong."
Read into it is a very polarizing game
CM Punk.
Aaron Rodgers
#SUGA!
Suicide.
Watch sport on TV
"lol i'm holding nflx,aapl,amzn,fb,dis :)"
People who fly American flags in front of their houses tend to be middle aged Republicans (The American conservative party).
M E T A
Yeah that's a lotta debt to rack up just to touch some Vienna sausages.
"Not a Cliver, it's the Street Scene deck."
"Just wait till spring, keep them trapped inside and watch their farms and cattle rot back home..."
That exact model of keyboard is in a parts drawer in my networking class I take.
"Yes, this way I can agree with."
"I wasnt worried about the static electricity, I was worried about all the cum and lint on my bed"
U ok?
"No, you got downvoted because it appears as though the four-letter acronym was the *only* reason you downvoted TALKS_LIKE_A_BABBY's comment; as if everything else in that comment was okay until that happened."
There are lots of people on this sub who believe literally that
I bet most of Reddit would explode if they tackled an undergraduate-level discrete math course.
Don't play it then
Dall' 1 fino alla sera dell'8 Marzo.
Probably on mobile.
Yes please!
Add more boosters.
Or the Wild!
ALTRUUUUUUUUUUUUVE
"With underwear,too."
"My test is in 11 hours, I'm in shambles."
It's under UCMJ so it's different on how parole will be perceived
Because the Right absolutely hates her and she's now given them a ridiculous amount of ammo to ensure she's lame duck on arrival.
"This is the one on the list I care most about, I wonder if they'll start the list over in 2017 or have different ones then?"
Every goddamn thread.
I think you're severely mistaken if you think it's NA that is bringing most hate to G2
"Are we talking about the ones in SMW that you have to feed to make full grown, or the ones in NSMBU that I tried to feed dozens of enemies before realizing they don't actually ever grow to full size and are used for their special abilities?"
Same.
A
Looks like bloom is removed when you are scoped in with AR.
"And paint, if that is your thing."
"Yeah, even TATA Docomo has it, but again you have to recharge before the end of validity."
I remember this website very well
"Dont expect 120 Hz, 96 Hz is the normal"
"But Team Arrow has a strong, powerful woman."
"968k confirmed kills here, can confirm tenno genocide."
If you don't know what you're talking about don't make a guess.
That feel when the game is so dull it's more entertaining to watch Netflix
Wtf no.
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
"fuck yeah, at a [7] too and read it right the first time i'm too high to write in another language but i can read it right."
here we go
Rocket League is pretty dope
Let the testing begin.
"actually, the site you linked is for 'alt use' medical marijuana THC oil vapes."
He was hanging out in Vermont.
los juevos grande
Was*
"Apparently in Russian gyms, you squat but never get up."
Right... but especially her
Wait so a not-so-known game website is blocked but not a really well known website known for dank memes at your workplace?
Was this just before or just after the fight?
Better hope it gets resolved before January 20th...
"Nah, that's probably from the fumes made by gam-gam's SUV."
"Yeah, the vast majority of companies I've interviewed with have all funded masters degrees and often encourage (and sometimes require) employees to pursue higher education."
Let us know if u died.
Looks remarkably like a rift.
"That would help for sure, but I don't think it works for past VODs... so we would have to go watch entire YouTube videos to find the ""good clips"" from the past campaigns."
Uncertain Hook is adorable Hook.
2 questions for you : how do you spend your free time at home and how did you post this ?
I'd so rather do a double than a split... saves me gas
r/cfbconspiracy
Them dang ol' Duke boys are at it again
"The face inside from the edge behind the 9 to the edge behind the 3 is 27 mm, the outer metal ring is about 33.5 mm"
"Stage fright, eh?"
That's what I was going for lol
Much appreciated &lt;3
Sweet crumbling brick foundation.
"yeah, by that same logic I could use Nash and Dwight but I'd rather not"
"Maybe if the criminal didn't try to rob the ATM right outside of the police station, this wouldn't happen... Just saying."
They also blow the locks off with a shotgun with a special round a lot of the time.
"As long as they make millions off of it, am I right?"
Mix with a bit of honey for stronger bubbles
I'm fucking american
I liked playing a spriest because I could dot up and run around with feathers if I got focused.
An economy in shambles and two wars which the previous administration kept off the books will do that.
"Check the author, I think you'll get it."
"Perhaps not a war veteran, but someone who has lived in Russia for most or all of their life."
"Link not working (mobile, page not found)"
Does JP live there too?
"""Everybody's working for the weekends"""
I wonder how long till they make another go of prohibition but with porn this time.
You'll learn.
"Definitely, the dialogue and story would then at least be above the level of prehistoric cave paintings."
Let's see if he can even play after two years of inactivity.
"Because social justice is a bullshit cause and uptight, mollycoddled first worlders are the only one who 'fight' for it."
dont buy windows torrent it
"I'm pretty sure somewhere in their contracts it must say something about ""by signing this you agree that you will play"""
Can't tell if you're from Arkansas talking about the White River or it's just a coincidencidental comparison...
Blanket statement
"The Subhumans (UK), The Crass, The Clash, Bad Religion, Dead Kennedys, Pre-80s Stiff Little Fingers"
"It is, you just don't notice."
"People are leaving Nova Scotia because there's no jobs, not because of taxes."
"""Here in body, not in spirit"" is usually a **well** time."
You could even say he got lambasted...
Rex Kern was pretty good from what I hear.
That's pretty much the case for any ship that can have it's thrusters blown off.
I has a digital gauge though.......
"And a pony, count me in."
Why did you submit it here though?
You are right.
ITT: Lots of movies that make me realize the MPAA is broken
"I would have to give some props to this video, pretty innovative."
And armored and genius neggs
You can get him even if you kill take the more... Deadly exit of that quest.
Obama knows what he's doing (he doesn't)
Another reason for me to take out a ridiculous loan to buy a Maserati and subsequently live in it.
I was wondering why he was holding a hose.
"He was born in 1967 and they both came out in 1993, so he would have been 26...close enough!"
Fuck gabe...
That is how banks count coins
#NAME?
I wouldn't get your hopes up
"Natural wonders with spain Without spain, you can get a 7 food tile with a flood plains/grassland wheat tile with a grnary, sun god pantheon, and a farm with civil service if it is next to a river or fertilizer if not A lot of people get petra cities with mines on the hills, and if you get 5 year plan they become a 1 food six production tile, even though it could be higher with iron, forges, and hydro plants."
"The only thing i can think of is encouraging employees to take clients out to meals, or to prevent them from buying food and returning it."
Do you remember when Jlaw as Jude Law?
"I suppose they are training to lose the war, then."
That's fair.
SAMSUNG GALAXY PAPA JOHNS MITSUBISHI AXE BODY SPRAY WAL-MART CYBERPOWERPC OZONE WINS THE WORLD!
"Meh, JD gets a pass on the strict gender categorizations."
Says the guy who spends most of his time trolling on the internet.
Is your CPU at 100% when you play bf1
"I liked penguins, the animals that is."
Dowel rod from the home center store.
Do those actually have an effect on the animation itself for the first hit?
Simpson game
IP addresses for one.
I don't own amiibos but that was my first thought seeing this gif.
"Nice, another scumbag doing damage to other vehicles rather than doing the correct action of calling to have it towed or calling the police Good job being an asshole."
I do not look like a monkey!
"Yes, he has three games with zero TDs."
These refs are bought... there is no way they can miss so many BLATANT calls against us... wtf
Probably the first fighter's guild quest.
Damn you!
"They were around 8-10 minutes before the patch, but I'm curious to see how that has chanced with mercenary mode."
I've always wanted to bang the Williams sisters just for this reason.
"I know, if only it were a tight tight."
Upoveted for upvoted for edit.
20 eyes.
not just you.
Well looks like it's science time!
Your right but on the second line it does say Aug so they should fix that
"Guys Im sorry but I dont know what other shorts to wear, somebody please help me Im a lost soul"
"Team Crunchyroll and Team HyperX, lol."
There are so many creepy hands in this picture.
Yo I got your back on any reddit fights if you got mine irl my boy
Chemotherapy.
"Uhhhhh..... I think you need a new man OP, he sounds like a flake."
Is it just me or does Dazed sort of look a bit like that Lamborghini garage guy?
Rifle is fine.
"It's a three story structure and I'm worried that,the supports for the bridge will interfere with the floor below or just look funny."
"I honestly forgot Rami existed, and I'm sad that I now remember."
400 lb TROLL...lOLOLOLOLOL
If fucking only...
This is **BEYOND** denial.
Pretty rich coming from someone who writes for a fascist website.
oh fuck off
So Cubans who fled a communist dictator are the extremists?
Shut up!
"Considering the quality of the new icon compared to the old one, I feel like the old one was more of a placeholder."
I never said anything about putting down women.
Ah jeez I don't know Rick
There's a ton of variety for GL.
Adorable.
Damn that realforce is awesome!
Derppole
Damn he's younger than me
"Cost me ~$250 for the system, the pro controller and Super Mario U."
"Everyone flys crabs in everyone, source used to pick up and steam crabs for canton dockside."
Why?
"I was expecting insect cyborgs, not a artificial neural network."
"If you don't have a smartphone, you're screwed."
Such frumentarius frippery does not belong here!
But that's different...because of things.
"But you're a nagger, right?"
Men are disposable.
I've got my fingers crossed for either RoboCop or The Shockmaster.
"Oh, fuck off."
THROW IT AWAY
CHECK YOUR PRIVILEGE
"The ""insert"" key is a government conspiracy!"
Flair your post as a meme or the mods will remove it.
plot twist: it is really just a tiny man.
hard to judge albums that u werent alive to listen to its hard out there for an infant
"and idk what stunk more, his jock or that last Baez AB"
He just throws green engrams at you.
much wow
Still living large @ Sandy bridge.
Consistent communication and concentration for that long of a time is not an easy task my friend
So mad they didn't get Vinny Chase for that.
Had a parlay of Tito and King Mo....if the judges just stuck to how they judged every other fight I'd be couple hundred richer
"This place is amazing, highly recommended."
Well it's getting a live action movie adaptation with American actors so we can look forward to that
Nice
"Yeah, just got home from it."
What are you weighing these days?
Polls.
We would!
"Seriously, because Clinton doesn't *ever* generate this much enthusiasm."
Halo 4 hands down
Magma Chamber 1v1 and 2v2 best mode easily
"Yay, internet police"
Joseph Smith reincarnated.
Under budget
It's ridiculous that they kept such an effective psychological deterrent secret.
Not all of us.
...and damn reposts that aren't even funny.
Go to KU's Campus...I'd say its about 35% black
"Moved to Washington where they already have this bill, it's awful, it's really ""right to fire"" and ends up contributing to a lot of subtle discrimination."
Fuck you for reminding me!
Total sodium amount?
They're beautiful.
Those are some nasty x-winds
"The wtf is not the sign, but the picture itself."
"What's ""gcu""?"
U
Mate you're blowing my mind
Does all this drama mean the biff will finally be back in this showdown?
"Holy shit, shut the fuck up."
What kind of shithole did this pop out of?
where's the fish bowl?
That was an extremely fast reply... 17 seconds to be exact.
AKA resting bitch face
Pyth was manually banned from a league after his insane deagle ace.
"To be honest, I kinda wanna see it."
"Paradise CA, about a 14 minute drive from where I am."
im guessing publicity and consistency.
"delete this, correct it, and reupload, no one will notice [](/HassanChop) b"
inb4 Activision starts making CoD campaigns to be released chapter by chapter
What are the other games?
What should I mine instead and where?
He hides some of his defensive inconsistency by scoring goals tho.
That's definitely the confusing part to me.
Ghoul racist
"While it's not the feminist groups doing this, they are the ones that advocate for this kind of behavior, notably always trusting the woman and men are guilty until proven innocent."
lol i bet you they will end up telling you that the coupons are either expired or they dont take them
Not blowing up.
And yet one of the biggest recent arguments for health has been socialized medicine.
Lost it at insertacija stapica
i'm fucking retarded.
Thank you very much!
"Repost, but still a nice concept."
I mean i have a trailer and an engine
You're welcome :) I really really hope it turns out to be nothing.
lol ur real mad
What did he do to get banned from the lands?
Old Men of OpTic
"No, sorry :/"
What's the difference?
Someone had to teach everyone else.
they come to him.
"OP is asking what the specific mistakes are, how is ""not executing"" a helpful answer?"
"Anyone who looks back at Jose Aldo's legacy and thinks ""loser"" is an imbecile."
They both said they'd never prop up a Harper minority.
What the fuck... pause.
"It's worse than bitter when you piss off all the people making that money for you, the people who also happen to handle and prepare your food."
"Brilliant, I've never heard a joke like this before."
Can we take a break from this for a little bit?
Where would I download to usb?
"Nah, that's just Python."
Also New Jersey
iirc it's just a way to have just one big thick cable run out of your playspace instead of multiple little cables so you wont trip.
The 2x2 can have corner parity but no edge parity
Humans and Awoken suffocating while Exo's just look at them...
I feel slightly better than neutral about this as well.
More likely to be running out of GPU than RAM.
I wont speak for all of dudedom- but for me this is accurate.
hahahahaha?
"And I have seen people compare Jesse Williams' BET speech to ""I Have a Dream."""
"Until I read ""from Half-Life 2"", my brain saw the word Overwatch and kinda internally squeed a bit ;)"
I approve of this.
"It's not working for anyone, if you have stuttering in arena commander there is a problem."
and the space jam theme should play and dva should turn into an anthropomorphic rabbit
I hear Narwhal is really good.
Interesting how a man can be a genius in one regard and a complete moron in another.
They could easily have the personal assistant aspects process on the machine.
You think that bots will be picking 13 million flax when the price of flax is so low...
They are still convinced the EC is going to elect Hillary.......
Hopefully you're on the first plane over.
I was going to respond to this but it looks like the other guys are helping you.
the cocktease is too real
If you can smell it it's already too late
"thanks man, this made my day"
"Wayne Rogers, Trapper John, new years eve due to pneumonia"
"Dude, Brodus Clay owns."
"I'd honestly keep your team like that until you can get Heimdall, then I'd switch out Wolfgang for Heimdall."
Yeah you seem like the kind of person that would laugh at your coworkers behind their back.
You got it all backwards.
"I do the same thing, but I've been incredibly lucky since 90% of my random opponents end up being zerg which is great for cheese"
"Not in really modern or older eternal formats, and they are way to slow for this card to make them work mostly beacuse if your intent is to cast this card you have to wait untill turn six in a turn 4 format."
"That mei be, but your an energy bar."
Have I ever told about my six weeks of PTO or the number of public holidays?
Out of the loop: what are those?
"But wasn't gandhi kind of a dick, in some ways?"
I honestly wouldn't be surprised if it was but I'd be surprised that he would get that kind of information before hand
At least waterfall and surf are actually good in battle
Bojan?
I voted!
I'm not going to let Matt Damon escape Mars.
What?
Thanks for the update.
Poop the ring onto her back
"Like as good as the 360 and ps3, or better then them, or is it scale down a lot?"
that is an adorable ship :3
That actually kinda makes halfway sense.
Republican In Name Only
"It is wourth mentioning that she holds iranian citizenship along with british, so according to Iran, she is iranian and will be treated accordingly."
No problem!
How was that not PI?
[](/raritywhy) All I wanted was an R-Dash 5000...
HE DID IT FOR US
Where you living now?
Absolutely.
It would be contained within a controlled magnetic field when it is shot out of the capacitor.
"If they're single, I probably already have a crush on them"
I've been on steam since 2009 and I have under 15 games...
Now im hoping Valenccia to be back
Just did :)
If a washable kitchen item shouldn't go in the dishwasher it shouldn't go in my house.
ouch... weber looked good last night.. nothing like a 16 year old pitching in the majors..LOL..
"Nah, but I got a footlong"
I love this one.
Sometimes called bowel movement but we in the wrong place for that term
European teams are willing to release a player for a lump sum of cash
No she'll just have to buy her own clothes for special events now.
"Might be a tube heater issue, but I'm no EE so take my words with a grain of salt."
Alcohol.
ITT: Laker fans proposing super-slanted-towards-LA trades and then saying that they wouldn't do them.
"No... If you experienced what I did these two last days, you'd give up too."
Amgam Rager
Anything Bethesda or Rockstar imo
"No, growing up as a man, and being taught that the path to success is self reliance, conditioned him to better ignore his surroundings and get the job done."
lolwut
i thought salt was devalued in pro esports Kappa
true true
Plus when yall and the chargers play it's awesome!
Bloodborne
"I've said it before and I'll say it again, the deaf community is pretty dang strange"
Melee or ranged only items would probably help that
I think at this point it's probably for the best to stick with what we have right now.
Surely if there was every any chance of bringing around world peace this could be the solution.
"Thanks, your solution sounds the easiest."
A lot
Sure he wasn't talking about antihistamines instead of amphetamines?
welllll... they're british...
Maybe some TJ Collins music would help?
"Cringe pic maybe, but not funny."
M'isandry
Why don't you name some studies that prove that 24bit has a noticeable difference?
"Well, maybe next time you will know what the difference is in a patch and DLC."
Prob could use better shoes
"Your post, thoughtfully composed and succinct, with each word carefully chosen for MAXIMUM impact and exposition of the Truth, was appreciated by me."
she disagrees with you.
"The early FPS of the 90's... System Shock, Marathon among many, many others"
well diffusal cooldown just got nerfed to 4 seconds
She was hiking the Appalachian trails.
"I'm in your neck of the woods, shoot me a pm!"
This dumb shit is getting up voted?
Maybe a bat in a bath in a vat?
Attention seeking SJWs?
Fans of Sporting and Real will just copy paste your comment in their post match threads.
That's because its not on the app store 3k assistant comes with TAiG
The only acceptable way to end the lock of death
Or just bring in new prems that are cheaper.
I can get behind this.
Thanks!
ABSTAIN
"...and that's how I cured all disease, ended war, and reunited the entire cast of TV's *Facts of Life*, including longtime holdout... Tootie."
No wonder it's so hard for everyone to know where you're located.
I always think of him as the Mayor Harkonnen.
"""I'll pull the knife out my back and cut they throat with it mama"" -Drake"
"Their food quality has gone downhill in the last 6 months... too bad, really."
"lol... ""Peanut butter on a burger is like peanut butter on ice cream, but on a burger instead"""
I think you mean 110% commitment.
I feel that
And put Ezeli on hiatus in its honor
Unless you are John McAfee!
Cheesesteak with raw onions and peppers.
We'll get it once we get get Rebuild of Half Life 3+1 FINAL &amp; Knuckles Featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry series comes out.
San Antonio and DFW are great areas to live in.
how did you download it?
"Quite popular here out west too, seems all my friends have cottages on Vancouver Island, the Sunshine Coast, or in the interior."
Corazon in the house would be a cool show
Seems to be working now :)
It was deleted!
Meowgate...
That photo is fake as shit.
"Probably just lucky, or as we say here in Texas, ""The Good Lord guided his hand such that the bullet could achieve its rightful destination."""
I don't ^^rip
"I'm sorry, man :( That's pretty much how I feel :("
#relationshipgoals brah
If you don't notice anything obviously wrong I would just leave it alone.
but that's rational thought
Also thought that to lol
Just you
Does Android Pay use EMV tokenization the same way Apple Pay does?
YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE^for^kg
"Best worst idea I have heard in a while, I am down."
"I would like to see the tongue ""pull in"" power ups too."
and on....
I'm gonna try and make my grandma a scarf and maybe gloves?
Or keep them on the belt
He really sounds like a cool guy to be around with.
Well this isn't current or part of obama care.
That's only one of the bigger aspects of the game ....
We're like that old farm your parents take your dog when he gets really old and useless :'(
If anything you're more sensitive when you wake up.
"or how TAM like to call him, ""The Decisionator"""
"Google/YouTube doing ""journalism""."
Also Carnage was pretty good
Sounds like you're more of a reckless driver than anything else...
"What are you talking about, 3000 is not relatively low, you only need 500 above your tdee to gain"
"Hey, vanilla is good too!"
Relevant for American news as well.
Wings part one and two
I think you just read it.
Captain Pizza got ousted a few weeks before his main buyer Hoke
Like all of them
"Nah, facts aren't good enough for some people."
"Or you could go with famous people, you know something that can be varified."
"in ""my documents"""
I'd hate to lose that bet and end up with Manning's face as the ball soars past his head though...
Would plough all day
I was quoting George Carlin when he was talking about how children are treated today.
Why are you here then?
Never took a philosophy course.
I have a job I just use all my money to pay for thing like food and rent.
Because you have the Supreme opinion on the matter
"There is no valid reason to add labels for GMOs, it would be a huge hassle to fix it now (you would need to track the food through its entire process from farm to processing to putting together the ingredients to shipping it off to putting it in the containers), it would be expensive, THERE IS NO VALID REASON, the sales would drop like a rock because people already have such a bad perception of GMOs, and ***THERE IS NOT A VALUD REASON TO LABEL THEM***"
Yeah I actually like the flavor and texture
Stop screaming my mom's asleep.
Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
Its founders would beg to differ
"Jesus doesn't french press, you goddamned moron."
"You're not being forced to respond bud, you just keep choosing too."
HELP ME
"thanks for the swift answer, I appreciate it and look forward to playing on the server later :)"
It's now equal to other console versions
You have a lot to learn about the fucked up state of how unions work in the US.
citation needed
"I agree, Nidalee AP is fine, but her skillcap went trough the roof, because spear are harder to land, her heal is much weaker (meaning you have to be careful when you trade) and she is much less forgiving because of the new pounce's CD."
I always address to one person.
"I once read on here that it's ""best to assume everyone on the road is going to do the most ridiculously stupid thing at any given moment."""
"Odd as it sounds ... by complaining about spoilers they intentionally seek out, apparently."
"Lol, maybe the flags should be proportionally sized to the number of Chinese speakers in each of those five countries."
"So, we JoJo now..."
Chistes sobre kirchneristas incoming...
"I like using charcoal with embedded mesquite, tastes and smells wonderful."
Google it
"honestly, I think the current nu wa does NOT fit the old nu wa's clothing AT ALL."
tat
* mnemosyne * kampfer * kore wa zombie desu ka?
"I didn't see him praising the system at all, just praising the expedience of said system."
If i play prime mm in se and i still see players who cant even listen to footsteps
No shit!
Why rekt?
I liked the articles of confederation better.
"Yes, to the benefit of many hostages"
Gracias!
didnt he also try stabbing his mum?
Why would you subject yourself to that?
"Running... hams can't ruin that, they hate running"
"I don't really understand what old soul means, unless the person is referring to old soul music."
"Loved this movie, and this scene."
BANNED
"Despite all that karma you're raking in, I think saying hi once would have been enough."
Rah
Nepal?
Just fyi that was Xavius impersonating him
"I have it currently bc im at lvl 55, but not as a permanent unlock."
Probably the anus.
It seems pretty heavy from where I'm sitting.
Just chillin' in Cedar Rapids...with Chris Christie *cough* *cough*
"Great, great character moment, but there's no way someone responding to that many disasters and attacks hasn't seen a dead body."
"You know, when you meet 10 people and they are nasty towards you, they might not be the issue."
So I just have to play a club match?
Why not?
Gotta get that clipart style
But Brett Favre WAS a Viking.
fair enough
"yeah not working for me either, pity as i actually make pigging components in my machine shop here :/"
Mandatory r/imgoingtohellforthis.
"Worst case scenario, they'll probably be a mod for it."
his reason for rejecting was **501 BAD GATEWAY**
I can only imagine the lengthy nostalgic pre-ballad talk she must have given the audience to rouse that much excitement.
"What the fuck... world is going one way, some retarded companies another wrrrr."
This is not how being critical works...
"He got sabotaged by his own party, or did you just refuse to pay attention at all when it happened and the DNC chair was forced to resign?"
Sure!
3-4 years shorter if they leave to go to college.
18 years isn't a long time - what if effects take longer to show up?
Correct!
"This would be cool, although font is pretty weird :P"
This is the #6 post All-Time on this sub.
"Not sure if it really belongs here, but damn that's a nice photo."
"By that logic Eurofighters are pretty old too Well, except the fact that they have kept upgrading them, hence why they're still strong going, just like the Rafale ;)"
"If Chip Kelly gets fired the Titans should hire him, you know since he and Marcus are butt buddies."
"OEL is pretty much their entire core, we'd have to give them a young established player they can build around around right back, which we don't have"
"It's not necessary to get mods to work at all, but the problem of scrolling through a menu with 100 items in it was decidedly not resolved by Bethesda."
so in the last 40 years russia was unreliable ?
"No, it's not."
That's the joke
Why you trying to have anal with your sister?
Call 311
I'm thinking the same...
Why wouldn't you?
"Yellow or lightblue for me, thanks."
Joe Camel looking
"Healing Breeze is pretty underwhelming, IMO."
"Probably Cole, I cringe every time I think about rostering him."
"The joke is, if you post something related to this shallow and unimaginative meme, you get 300 link karma instantly."
"Quick, post it to cringeanarchy and get some free karma"
Sounds like it's going to be a fucking disaster.
As a Michigan resident who's been to Canada many times and is only 15 mins from the border ME TOO
"Peter Cullen (optimus Prime) Morgan Freeman (The man with God's voice in him) Don LaFontaine (the movie trailer guy) I would have the sweetest voices making announcements, and providing voice over for everything for a whole year."
"I'm looking to write and record a series talking about particular themes and genres in video games/movies/music, etc."
DeeeeeEeeCENT!
Can't speak for vanilla but I know in LW it simply just doesn't work.
AT LEAST WE HAVE AN EXCUSE FOR LOSING
Found the next Dasani ad campaign.
What advantage are you gaining by having 20 gyms versus 15 gyms and 5 strong attackers still available?
"I think their ""American Idiot Uniforms"" were kinda okay, I liked the red tie, black shirt combination but everything from late 21st CB to today seems more like a hair metal band to me than Green Day."
"And one frat on campus had just allegedly thrown a ""white girls only"" party."
"Then release it, just so we can regulag it."
"Just go, it's amazing, the London Olympics were something I'll never experience again, just incredible"
Haha
A little off-topic but I like how her hair magically gets longer in the last few frames because the artist got lazy.
"I thought that the GB+GBC games were harder than The Legend of Zelda and if I'm being honest I fired up Zelda II in an emulator, played 15 minutes of it and never played it again :/"
Everything Twenty One Pilots wrote.
Can confirm.
Wait how dad are you right now
"Awesome, can't wait!"
*insert pathos version of give me some sunshine*
"It's not forced, it's Darwin's survival of the ***FITTEST***."
It's gloves (63% sure).
What if I dont wanna?
Ill assume its because the pilots air soft gun is terrible.
"Jungle Fiddle is back back back, back again!"
"Not that I don't believe you, but is there a source supporting this claim?"
Yes
There goes the western Sydney vote Tonez!
It actually looks like a combination of multiple huds: Pocohud (buffs) Hud Panel List (right panel list) Holohud (Assault and Info Bars) It definitely needs some cleaning up.
Swipe and get whatever you want.
If it wasn't for those meddling ~~kids~~ colonials!
no kids?
They've gone full retard.
"$35,000 is ""barely able to get by"" where I live, so trying to use it to refer to everyone in the world is nonsensical in American politics."
Dint want to overwhelm new players with a log out function
I swear a lot.
"I would rather see the results when done horizontally, without the gravity assist."
"So nobody lives there for some reason, and also cannot see their window?"
"Exactly, my friend has an R33"
"They're ""activists"" when they support our interests, and they're ""insurgents"" when they don't..."
They are subhuman
"""Reversal"" = caring deeply what Howard Dean tweeted"
i wonder if shes single and like ugly nerd types?
"Reminds me of what Donald Rumsfeld said about how long the Iraq War would last, ""Five days or five weeks or five months, but it certainly isn't going to last any longer than that."""
"I think Yes, because all the 5s are unlocked, I used a 5s IMEI for my nexus 6 to get on straight talk."
Someone ordered the wahburger and a side of cries
And reminding me to pick up my absentee ballot in the very near future
Too many overweight cops passing out from the effort.
In this case it would be acceptable to have an extended swing arm and over sized rear tire on that bike.
"More than just the flash, it was clearly bleeding so the shock wave must have played a part, if not the bullet itself."
thats also why most features arent on android
"Ben was just before his time, he'd be perfect in this day of launching when-the-fuck ever."
You mean Godzirra.
Are you that guy from the warlizar- Oh..
MACYS STOCK TANKS ^(small air horn)
Ah I see it now.
"Well, someone's a pessimistic member of the WWE Universe."
thanks.
"Make sure to misspell at least one word... I recommend adding an E to truly, TRUELY makes me laugh."
"I guess, but I still think Nissa cards tend to suck just like Chandra cards (before this one) tend to suck."
"My message was unclear, what I was saying is that women here aren't any more hairy than they are elsewhere, I've only ever been with one woman who wasn't completely clean shaven downstairs"
698
"Ask ur parents for a raise, duh"
"But the hands allow us to hit multiple buttons, where as the mouth you're limited to 1-2"
normally this accounts are so fresh that they can't even do trades and only have a game (that I bet are been getting it thanks to some keygen)
So cash your checks and come on
I really do believe you learn more by handwriting than typing.
"I once saw someone call her ""queen of Billy Ray Cyrus"" and I stopped thinking about it since then"
This is what honor looks like.
There was the lobster cave 2 days ago with double drop
"I think it is an okay thing to do at the track, but watching it on TV is really awkward."
Death
"All good, I was confused why people were low on him when he put up 18 in my Ppr league but yeah now i understand lol"
I've tried this but then the new ends start doing the same thing a few days later.
Sleeping in...
"I don't know, the entire front page has been liberally salted with terrible jokes for a while now."
Because he's not that good of a player lol
uske baad ram madhav.
Thanks.
Similar video
White circumcised christian men?
"Bless you my dear child, I've been needing a good looking native 3440x1440 wallpaper for my 21:9 monitor for sometime now."
He's 70 but he is the oldest person to assume to presidency.
Never apologize for liking Total Divas.
How did he get those dancers to perform with him?
Your saying the only pro streamer you watch is m0e?
I will only tip for good service.
"the look on his face halfway through the second at the 2:44 point (right in between 2:44 and 2:45) totally did it for me, that short, sweet moment of ""What have I done?!"""
"If something like this took off, I imagine that crypto-currencies like Bitcoin may see a massive rush of adoption."
I hate when I loose things because then I got to go tighten them back up.
"Got buffed, hes ap champ now."
I'm guessing the cost they are referring to doesn't the inevitable medical expenses if the heart disease that you will get.
"For the sake of argument, why not?"
Can you ask Sun Tzu what happens when you know the enemy but not yourself?
Heh.
"Yes, nigger."
Cowabunga dude
So much privilege in so few words...
Good thing we have Varane :D
I hate it when I don't catch a typo...
The fashion police?
"yeah, but - zombies!"
He is not taric...
Actually... didn't the tree miss their bedroom by the largest about possible?
"I could hear his scowl, though."
"Looks like a pretty good driver of Natural Selection to me...... ...heh, driver"
You aren't fapping hard enough bro
"Yeah, just make sure it has a sliding maximum marker."
I want you to know that just because I go through the ritual motions of your religion doesn't mean I believe.
90 with a heat index of 107 is though.
"Provided you can adjust your field of vision, first-person view could potentially be extremely useful."
Not having children.
At this point I kinda want Psyonix to screw something up just to prove that it's possible
"Hell, *I* wouldn't want to live in a time before indoor plumbing."
"ITT: People who don't know what ""handlebar mustache"" means."
"I remember Kylo Ren saying something about Vader being ""seduced by the light"" but I don't remember exactly."
"Thank you, taxpayer, for oxygen."
"The guy being shot is hispanic, not white, title needs to be changed!"
"It's an obvious addition that makes its way into popular games eventually, at this point it's just another waiting game."
"I enjoyed that game up until halfway when it went from realistic to magic curses, just ruined it for me"
"It takes a special kind of sociopath to watch *Schindlers List* and think that, not only is the tombstone road a good idea, but they want it on their patio."
"Bingo, that and the mentality ""we are the best, we won the WC 5 times, we don't need to change."""
reminds me of when my father went to taco bell to order tacos with just cheese he got a taco with JUST cheese
Isn't Season 2 Breaking Ground: Reloaded?
It's the only thing that comes to mind when I hear Diwali.
The corollary ... prevent everybody else from getting Orange.
leeroy windfury windfury = 9 mana 3 card 18 damage :D add in a rockbiter or use arcane golem and you have a finisher.
"he also goes off on some rant about internet vs Internet and GMail vs Gmail, he comes off as someone who is trying real hard to show the ""internet"" that he knows what hes talking about"
Oh shit.... It's an inside job!
Even if I like a guy I don't particularly want a dick pic.
There is an program called Greenshot which does this (I had it preinstalled at work).
I don't remember skaters wearing jncos as much as rave kids.
"Good, the game is more fun when everyone is playing the game how it is supposed to be played."
Picking a winner
"Came to say the same thing, I thought any one point of a normal distribution is zero."
Nice crop
Plot twist - Melania is a Russian spy.
Or left after ALPHA KEI BETA.
nade lag is real in OW so my guess is it is 16tick
Or .0035 Bitcoin.
I'll mark that down as nimble
trevor harris is helping!
All men must DOHVAKIIN
Comment grave yard below
In other words they will *never* make ethical decisions unless it improves the bottom line.
"Given the average age of death in the United States and that the baby boomers start being born in 1946, then you are correct, the Boomers will start to enter decline in 8 yearsish."
Your handwriting got 100x times better after Maggie
Der gelbe.
There are crazies in every country.
"Olly, pls go"
This is a really great example
Here's a non balance-destroying idea: nerf the other two because they really are quite ridiculous
"lets be honest, they wont be wanting to fly this thing anyways."
But they wand weed legalized so totes liberal brah
"My god, your verbiage is infuriating."
"As much as I am looking forward to another clasico, I would be pretty happy if Valencia upset RM."
thats how it goes :')
"I guess they could make gluten free parks, but Portland might have beat them to the chase."
"Contrastul e urias, poate ca tie aia iti place, dar eu as prefera ca centrul vechi sa fie vechi, nu o cladire veche, una de sticla si doua blocuri comuniste urmate de inca o cladire veche."
TRUE
Did you hide your stats?
"Oh, dear."
Unless you can do it on the throne.
"FOSS is a feature, they said feature parity, but they'll never actually deliver on this, amongst other things."
word
we faithfully await the coming of ~~christ~~ half-life 3
I... have done this... AMA?
non
"I'm not your pal, buddy."
"In that case, you should have no problem with the duelists beating the life out of him, since they can also do whatever they want."
But they might be stealing toilet paper.
why is everything being downvoted on this sub?
"""Fermat's Legacy"""
"I'm a British citizen, so I would have to fly there to even afford cancer."
That's very interesting
The key difference was that you couldn't pay to get ahead in progression.
Leftist are destroying the youth !
"They also help trigger your satiety (feeling full) and are not simple carbs, so your glucose levels don't spike"
"Oh like unidan was doing, tut tut"
Is she still dating Chad?
For rebounding only though..
Ok.
totally on the list now...
So *that*'s what they're for.
OK
Oh fuck off with this Reductio Ad Hitlerum bullshit.
"From the thumbnail, it looks like an embryo."
The Obsession Continues
"Yup, great one."
"this is bad linguistics, bad religion, bad philosophy, bad everything"
The entire top part of Manhattan is Harlem.
I can pretty much guarantee it.
"I don't see it ever being as big as the nfl, but it could at least cut out this ppv crap and just play the big cards on fox or whatever, I'd be really happy with that."
I didn't shake it and the tank was sitting half the day.
Dyrus
Han toh bol do ki extra charges hain
Found the Ivy-League alum!
They are the majestic bird of the highest land.
I never said he did.
"And Daphne Zuniga (Melrose Place, Spaceballs)."
The GCC Coaliton plus Algeria with US support will not allow this and have launched an invasion against the Shia separatists.
"I angers me to have served my country to secure everyone's rights and freedoms in this country to have some backwards prick use his religious insanity to hurt others they are no different than any other extremist, they just use laws as bombs to peoples lives their religious extremism disagrees with"
A Broken clock is correct twice a day...
Do you believe Western values are so fragile that a small increase in the percentage of Muslims living here will cause society to unravel?
"Yup, someone on here once described it as turning that ""the floor is lava"" game we played as kids into a way of life."
Donald trump is now an oompa loompa.
MY NIGGA YOU JUST GOT ROASTED
Is that....corn?
this is what pissed me off about the Avengers the most.
"Look at oldschool runescape, it's a huge success for Jagex."
Making sending them nuclear equipment ect illegal.
"Mass Effect has tech and ""biotic"" powers or something like that."
I'm so turned on right now
"There is an external power brick, you could simply change over for different mains voltages"
"I'm guilty of that too, it's one reason I like using a pressure cooker because it locks shut and I can't do that."
"Just kind of pointing out that the cap was designed to not be posted... In fact, if I recall correctly, CdA recommends not posting any of their pens."
At this point we're Stoke
You might be right we should make an informed decision after reading from a good sample size
He is more or less saying that Trump and his supporters are nothing but Nazis
I think Narruzzi is a fine coach who will lead Pitt to decent rankings and then leave for a better gig while Pitt falls like a brick.
"I was always a fan of ""Harry tells Spurs to beat Young Boys."""
"Anyway, how's your sex life?"
this is starting to sound like that movie Ice Age
"I like that the vikings are speaking Icelandic, they even have pretty good accents."
BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEE P BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP
Not at all.
"Yes, but the nut fat is beneficial fat."
Please just don't fuck up traffic.
lmao delicious irony
"That's not Kevin Durant, that's his evil brother, Devin Durant!"
"Gay marriage, right?"
Navy pranks.
Wait ... I thought Warren Buffet was one of those Communist Antichrist Socialists ...
Wizards of the Coast (a Hasbro Subsidiary)
Automation doesn't just happen in one country at a time.
[](#dipmad) GRAMMAR YOURSELF!
GgGGgggGg^ggGg^Ggg /g
Both of The Raid movies featured some hardcore hand-to-hand combat.
DEAR SIR OR MADAM
I have it and haven't even tried out online... I'm gonna give it a go I think
I LIKE HOW YOU WOOSHED HIM WITHOUT USING WOOSH
"Well in my case, I wish they did $100 first."
Jesus...
I had a feeling she was always a brat...
"Nah, she can drive a sobriety cycle (moped)."
"Damn, that was smooth and subtle"
"I'd have to say not being harassed in the street, or no period pains."
Amazing how the Dems used a dog whistle sheriff's star to say Trump hated Jews yet they WROTE about using Bernies religion against him!
"To me it wasn't that he was bad, it was just from the start I knew trading away a big prospect for not even half a season of Beltran was a bad idea."
that's the whole point
I think this is also about the time it was added to money as well.
There were multiple blogs and articles about it.
Man I'm so stoned right now..
"Ever since that Eagles fan pretended to be Tom Coughlin's cousin, I have 0 trust in all of them."
How on Earth could you miss that?
"I don't know, I liked the blue and white livery on the Toyota's."
I'm 24 and didn't get shit.
Yes!
Great quality of life upgrade.
...You need a Black Templar sword brother with a big old two handed chainsword (eviscerator) as a relic weapon...would go so well with the others.
His doctor's diagnosis.
totally yeah i save almost all money i get i just don't get much money lmao
Trader Joe's on the Upper West Side?
I wonder how many variations on this are going to be posted.
"You can share to FB/Twitter just hit the ""..."" and chose share playlist."
So many unfixed bugs in Diablo 2...
"The top post on all of reddit for 5 years was a self post with no text simply called ""test post please ignore"" that got over 21k upvotes and 4 gildings."
Iarba?
"damn them, I will be too busy playing it to wait their presentation."
"I'd go with Chaivory as the middle one, tbh."
"Answer_bool = False Answer_str = ""No"""
When was your house built?
"if you've been critiqued that many times, you should probably listen for once."
"also, it's buggy, i've seen mines stuck in walls"
"Ok, totally misread that, thought it was your ex tinder dates showing up in the suggested friends bar."
Conlon is a superb boxer in his own right.
"I don't know man, I haven't watched him enough but going from being a wing to be a (somewhat) play caller that late in your career and in a new league would be hard."
A job and a couple flags with some luck.
u dumb dick
and of course realising further that these two things are not mutually exclusive.
"They're buried in evidence of her doing her job, but that's not in their interest to talk about because the goal is to smear her."
Valid concern
"""Your mom is slow and boring, but that doesn't stop me from watching her play with balls and bats"""
We don't need no education.
"It's just a fetish i guess, a common one too."
"Not a clue then, sorry dude!"
Oh god why
Do you have Touch ID enables and or virtual home?
"Unfortunately no, I'm in the US and have never been out of the country so I can't offer any advice to you :("
DOW futures have been down 600+ points already.
And BSD = Beastie.
"I have to remind myself that as fucked up as I am and having a child, at least I'm not this bad."
thank you for all the effort you put into making this happen
Love you too Johnny.
Stupid stupid stupid...
Sure beats kicking him while he's down like every other generation would have done.
huge post ez
"If you have enough slots, go for it."
Resuming...?
Source?
"I'm holding out for the ""buy 4, get the 5th one free"" offer"
Builds boys?
Paladin has really solid epics too.
"On the plus side, that one is actually moving."
My county has plastic holders you put your ballot in on your way from the booth to the box.
I want to punch that douche in his face.
"But then you'd have to ask why we do language the way we do language making the problem bigger than just ""I"""
"We call that an ""lol"" in the internets"
L-Theanine helps a little for me
Which means you'll probably beat us next week...
Das verschollene Nazigold!
"It's called ""human capital flight"" so while you may not wish to go, the phenomenon has been documented for well over a millenium."
Gotta say the hail satan deluxe has caught my eye and ears.
I'm always hoping someone will steal my identity and continue making modest payments on my student loans
"Other than ""-cost"" not being capitalized, the wording is perfect."
Merkel?
"I'm literally watching drug smugglers cross the Mexico- US border, and Goon can't get to America LOL"
"pretty sweet dude, Halo 2 was epic minus the duelies."
"See West, Adam in the yellow pages for more information"
What industry?
Drawing inspiration from and 1:1 retelling of are two totally different things.
"OP, what was the TMI in this case?"
"It's almost amazing that someone would blame ublock when they also knowing have something called ""noscript"" installed."
Pesto
Im pretty sure OP could've just done that himself
Yes.
hurrr durrr muh MRA triggers are oppressed.
Did you just drop a Little Nicky quote?
What's it like to make an AMA and not answer a single question in over 12 hours?
so sexy... I really hope i can find one this summer.
Trump has made stupid and mean his brand.
"""aushwitz talk"""
#blunderbrag
God I hate that fucking movie.
What novel?
I'm guessing you don't lift...
"From being manhandled by Kompany at the start of the season to not winning a single aerial duel against Porto who isn't exactly known for their prowess in the air, the myth of Ivanovic still being great in the air will likely finally die this season."
Do it
The studio is based out of Seattle so it was posted at about 3pm PST
**WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK**
Love the pic .. really makes you realize how underrated mindarie is
No pls
Samurai Champloo Cowboy Bebop Rideback?
Because of two generations of war movies and call of duty games we've convinced ourselves that war is just a big boy game instead and people get pissed off when they are reminded otherwise.
After 6:39 the video repeats.
"In a world where you can deck yourself on turn 1, there's no need to play any more energy than you would ever possibly need."
Tell my wife I said hello.
But still a lag though
I already wrote that though...
"Spent a lot of time in Birmingham where niqabs and burqas are fairly rare, considering how many Muslims there are in the West Midlands."
"The cabots survived a nuclear war with no radiation problems, so I doubt it just stalls aging"
Not if they are impeding traffic....typically the speed limit is ten under at a minimum
"I hope to one day, but I live pretty far away and I just came back from Canada."
Personally a fan of deathcore Christian myself
Yeah that is like my favorite ep I would love a next one.
"But you know, don't you, that things like having been briefly prescribed anti-depressants after the death of a loved one, is going to be used as an excuse to fail mental health checks in places like CA and NY, resulting in anyone who didn't want to lose their rights not seeking help when they needed it."
I believe this is something that is a law in Europe- Someone mentioned something related to that last time that came up.
I thought it was in the Favelas in Brazil or take your pick of any Central American country.
huna fact checked: those weren't muslims you islamophobe
"Yeah it's painful but it's part of the process, I roll and stretch daily, it's just as important as training."
"On the other hand you could consider this it a romantic tragedy if you look at Aoyama as the main heroine (and be real, who wouldn't)."
"So you agree, mutualism isn't ""kind of a mix of the two""?"
"*starts connecting dots* holy shit, that's actually possible... thanks for the goosebumps asshole..."
"I live in the Outer Rim, and it takes a while to to get the ol' starship up 'n runnin'."
Luke Cage's.
I hear gigabyte is pretty chill with removing their cooler.
We should consult the butthole surfers
I can dream...
Quantum of Solace
"fucking repost, get a fucking undercut pop"
"Nothing says ""better"" like being heard 4km away."
stop trying to get rid of anime tiddy
but muh pure card :(
"OK, i was very confused as to what a shunt would be referring too... haha"
"You need to download a tool called nvidia inspector, this allows you to change driver settings for games."
"Yet, they chose to play it instead of overpass."
This is so illogical it makes my brain hurt.
"Yeah, you're gonna have to link this one so we can all save it for shits and giggles."
Brek'd!
I'll give you a stroke ;)
The police were chasing/looking for him for a good amount of time due to reckless driving.
Oh my gosh how could I be so blind you're so right how DARE he
It just looks like a dog now
All those bankruptcies seemed to work out for him in the long run.
"Sleep in, you won't have to work tomorrow."
as long as they were not Sugarfree Haribo.
Who can take you opinion seriously when you don't know the difference between where and were.
'Cause George Lucas is a dick.
Vanessa needs to be evicted.
That would be awesome.
578478 GTA V
"vli was around T-side mid, trying to spray thru the smoke in connector, but what he was actually aiming at was a CT in jungle."
I guess the sitting in front of the bish being asked about masturbation is a good training grounds.
Dog is good loyal pet... Octopus would murder you in your sleep and take your girl.
Don't get blown up!
Or you can use a lever...
Isn't there an online game for this?
Ah Trump you big ol goof
And the world has somehow shifted~ *sings with you cause this part is done together*
"Thank you... I'm in Bangkok so CMU is out, but Walen is on the shortlist."
I don't think she said this
Riot forgot to tell us that Rengar now has leblanc's second R active.
"Shhh, not here"
Room was told the movies were discreet and wouldn't show up on the bill.
This mentality is why millennials can't get jobs in their profession.
Dudes taking selfies is among the cringiest things to see.
"On a relevant note, Switzerland has robots that tend to their cows"
NO TEACHING!
That I was gonna have a family someday.
That I shouldn't have fed away basalt :(
"Personally, Simmons is an idiot, and I don't give credit to anything he says."
R
"If you get long hair, it'll accentuate your face shape and make you look *extremely* feminine."
Exactly
"The smile wasn't the creepy part, the creepy bit was moving to sit next to her after she moved away from him, and walking all the way to her apartment."
NO CAPES!
Do you know where your water supply comes from?
"Fuck yeah, Texas state fair"
So she's willing to gamble $50 bucks on hanging out with a rapist for several hours?
I foresee a thread laced with puns
My favorite picture on the web
She gets the first hit out of the clean bong
Feminism: Gender is a social construct.
"Another funny punchline goes something like, ""and that's why I don't play standard anymore."""
If you use vaal IC before it you don't have the risk from the 1 life
"Yes, but he didn't receive all their knowledge, just their battle skills and strategy."
Do you want to talk about it?
"probably protoss, and i say this because of the fact that all protoss units have shields that regenerate over time, on top of there hp there for if your micro is good then you should be able to make use of the shields to out micro your opponent in an engagement"
Everyone here looks better than me... :P
Whatever the wife tells me to do.
"""Take a seat"" ~ Chris Hanson"
"I'd Trump has 1/12 of the money he says he has, time isn't an issue."
"pretty sure it's something middle eastern, looking at him and his siblings, and i mean pungences name is AssyrianAssass1n on youtube..."
I know I'm preaching to the choir here but basically the answer to your question is slavery.
Any want to help write this author a letter showing everything that's wrong with the article?
:D
"I like how some of the comments are ""Wah, I gotta get home from work""."
"This is when Shrek bellows ""This is my swamp!"""
gotta be Just Blaze
"That's true, I hadn't noticed that the first time around but you're right."
5 m and you heard nothing?
Fucking first time I've ever seen that written out in the correct order.
"The Nina, the Pinta, and the Santa Anita!"
When ever I need a short little cry....
Sweet
He sure has a way with words.
"So does Bradshaw, though."
Why does Iniesta look like he suffered a severe head injury before filming this?
"Government has a solution to this: The don't ask, they order (do it or be audited)."
^ This
Did the family win the case?
over the 30 second rule but this video is great.
"He doesn't really care about preventing attacks, just wants muslims to be seen as good."
"I have to admit, he's spot on with this."
Who is this again?
no manned mission
only on Swimming and Basketball...that's pretty much it
This is **definitely** where I parked my car.
"Oh, reddit."
Something tells me this is a troll
"Also: What if you went to grab something, and it wasn't there... ...because it turned to wood."
"Both are great characters, people can like regular Cody too"
ah ok :P
Napa is close!
Real life BF3 is not something many of us want.
He's become a very good dribbler since coming to the Clippers.
I'm going to blame Microsoft Kinect and it's X-ray vision.
and why is this a big deal exactly?
I woulda thought that America's cooperation with Russia all these years aboard the ISS was proof enough that we want cooperation with all nations in space.
Which is still extremely cheap for a good knife.... which makes me think that these are not.
"The most modest man in the world too, what a catch"
Apple Cinnamon air freshener... Gets me nostalgic for Christmas.
"Had him playing off the striker, not off the back four."
Discrimination upon the basis of sex which is not absolutely justified.
"Warscore for you, or the pope?"
Landfill gets me as well.
"Never seen this highlight, pretty great"
N64 obviously.
Get some sleep man haha
is this about the area or the football team?
"Yeah, of course, but a local pizza is $19 for a large while a Papa Johns Pizza can sell for $10."
That's why I only do it for payment ;)
"shits fucked, soonTM"
"Watch out, we've got a bad ass over here."
"you fucking Microsoft/Linux/Apple fan boy, go buy a real computer."
I can't.
Good pussy is one hell of a drug
"heh, I would trade my RNG for yours anytime :-D"
"There are a lot of people such as myself who are not religious/don't believe but still like jewish culture (the food, the sayings etc)"
It's to prevent you from voting for your party's best candidate and the other party's worst candidate.
Sounds like a very modest proposal to me.
sure if you have no morals or a soul.
"It's god damned poetry, I tell you."
"Well, I never said I was an expert :) That may explain a few things in my past I suppose..."
Sorry what the fuck is this
"Try and come up with something in your own, first."
ARESBESTMAGE
"You have already shared info with us assholes, might as well."
Historically any society that can't adapt is disrupted.
I don't get it.
People around these parts tend not to be huge fans of RVs.
lol 7/10 scoring is accurate
grazie :D
Enterprise-H
"At least you're drinking, not at home, sober, bored."
/opponent ragequits
But... I don't have TF2 or a computer to bring :(
I thought I heard it was westbrook
"It's his body, he can do what he wants!"
"Though, I give them props for using this song."
"European PSN offers the same as US Gamestop, but no avatars."
You clearly missed the point.
"No to the hood and the wing, yes to everything else x 1,000,000."
Home of the stuck caps lock button!
He better learn Chinese if he wants that much money.
"I bet if you called green out, they'd say, ""I'm not racist."""
"Yeah I'm sure the source isn't really just this sub, two days ago."
"I really want one of these, but every time I see one, I realize that I can build three to six AR10s for the same price."
Definitely stealing this
PMing
Doesn't she have a mental illness?
Started from AK Redline was able to do only safe bets :( up 21$ ^_^ 5/5
"Yeah we have, but he still makes passive aggressive comments about it in our group chat when we make plans to go to a club/bar or something like that"
Yes Cruz and Rubio.
Malwarebytes
You're a rockstar
Read this in the voice of Ron Swanson
Mai bine decat banane ca maimutele.
How should I get new hobbies when I live in a not very big town?
"Having a negative or overwhelming experience doesn't mean you can't handle the trip, how you react when these moments arise determines that."
Whoa I've never seen this before.
"you could use ubuntu, and then use WINE to be able to run all your incompatible programs/games."
Wonder what he's smoking lol
Can't they just forcibly remove the teeth of every North Korean.....**oh wait**
"Could have given him a cig at least, cmon man."
*and that was the last time anyone saw him*
Username *doesn't* check out.
"I don't even know what that is, but I'll take 1 copy, please"
So... Q ex Q?
Noice post
Serious question - why do you say film is better than digital HD?
your mom is adorable!
"he said Israel, Israel won six."
"Keanu, the Key and Peele movie."
"when i saw it was on sale, i went straight to gamestop to get a $20 steam card and bought it and played it as soon as i got home"
I love the WKUK
In my sleep.
They fell out of the tree.
"So, buy now, sell later, right?"
"Looks like Telstra really hasn't been everywhere, man."
"It's their job, would it be any better if they went about it with grim faces?"
"My theory is kinda the same, only with the slight difference in that he never had a cluster, thus allowing him to have far greater control over other sensates he met."
"I wanna see this reversed, he flips around so weird and cute!"
"Richmond, VA was capitol of the confederacy so not too north."
Hey we're going to the elite 8 in soccer thank you very much
We've gone meta
How did your breasts get like that?
No Solanke :/
They certainly disagree in plenty.
MFW I don't know what to put in the blank space
Girard and Lambot also recently rereleased their photographic book *City of Darkness: Life in Kowloon City* that's full of photos like this.
"unless you are in engineering, and you choose good grades, you will not have a social life or sleep."
"Or under the ""helpful links"" in the sidebar?"
Cur tu me vexas puer molestus!
"I mean, you did ask reddit for advice, and then you're unhappy because they tell you to lawyer up and take them on..."
"""Bad Manners"""
Love how it's a picture of donuts...
Nice try MeUndies CEO
There's a method that only fails if you go on a horrifying bad luck streak.
Lmfao
ITS A SOCIAL EXPERIMENT
That comment you just responded to is exactly the reason why summonerschool needs a minimum rank limit before you're allowed to give advice
"""Your momma is such white thrash, she doesn't even wait for you to break your arms before she molests you."""
Fuck that guy in particular!
Pretty much.
You'd prefer we keep our seersucker suits and horn rimmed glasses forever?
Its in the trailer man.
The people who see Trump for what he is and don't buy into the propaganda are the ones that support him...
"I'm not the brightest person, but working backward from English does that mean, ""Ignorance of the law is not an excuse?"""
"But, these are the sample sizes that will be needed to find an effect of genes on behavior (i.e., all genetic effects are really small)."
your birch*
"Started with the Package Piledriver, switched to the Pumphandle Neckbreaker."
"This shouldn't affect sales in NC, we don't test diesel emissions, only gasoline vehicles....ugh, I question my state sometimes."
My saving grace today so far...
"I wonder what they're looking forward to more: the heavenly bliss, or seeing 'different' people suffer?"
I mean he guarded him well
"Have an upvote, sir - this comment made me burst out laughing by myself in public."
"I think so, its in bo3 even."
What's the difference between this and the other one
"If lead was bad for you, it wouldn't taste so good."
Have we gotten anything out of these petitions other than a beer recipe?
You didn't fly away
How would he game share?
This is the new political compass
NO.
What's that have to do with which team is better
if you can count mcdonuts as food
"""Chad is an overblown midget"""
"Where is the dislike button on twitch, can't find it."
Mind sharing any links?
"Cigarette smoker here, sounds excellent"
"Well, the part of dirty tricks won't be caught with their fingers up their nose in May without doing any opposition research."
cause driving and health care are exactly the same thing in every way shape and form.
"Though we do not believe the same things, I hope that we can respect the religion of the other."
[4realz] Are there actual methods of testing bmr beyonf just using a scale and measuring caloric intake?
Scenario 1 has issues as we can still cast magic in space and on broken planets like Outland and the planet that guldan and terongore take you to in the talador quest chain.
rest in peace
I'm confused.
Big Shot Rob
*Double* Rajang
"Oh yeah, don't get me wrong, the prosecution here was miles beyond the pale and definitely should have been sanctioned or even criminally charged themselves, and the underfunding and overburdening of the public defender system is definitely a flaw the system has."
The moment everyone thought that presbo is an idiot.
I get paid 3 dollars a minute for Fiber.
[Kanye West] - [Power] (Point Point Remix)
"That's not a very confusing thing, the more confusing part is that this album features artists who ""shaped"" Monstercat, Slippy (as much as I love you) is not one of those artists"
More like the best time I have ever had while playing a video game
"IS underrated, it's still going on TBS"
Der Riese &lt;3 Moon :) Origins BEST Revelations :/
So... CODE...?
So they send the middles to Motel 6.
Let's not make him even stronger ok
Looks like you dipped a Quaver in some tomato sauce and stuck it to your toe.
"I also think that it costs them money to push out patches, and that's not something all indie game companies can afford."
the ad glitch thingy does get annoying sometimes
And having a gun and not
VVV There's one below you
Why are they wearing the same jerseys.
"Because broken, hahaha."
"Agreed - a front four of Coutinho, Firmino, Lallana/Ibe and Teixera would be exciting."
Fu-kit
You can move it anywhere you like
"Drug companies should be banned from advertising at all, like they are in the rest of the world."
Shouldn't the flair say Trumpendious?
"sadly Rik Mayall passed away last year, A fred wouldn't be the same without him"
I wonder what that guys life is actually like.
The loading times are way too long in Skyrim.
Think of it as the toddler gnawing on your leg to remind you to make lunch.
"""*to be continued*"" May wanna think about that (sister location is canon)."
I always enjoy Limp Biscuit
"""gubment bad"" would've gotten you more upvotes :P"
Right now my team would do just about anything to win...but they would never sign this scumbag...shame on you Jerry Jones
High performance vehicles have no effect on my life.
"Well, you sure as shit can't carry it."
Wentz will be starting when you're 21.
I wonder how he's attaching all of that garbage so it doesn't fly off.
Well by the looks of it most people here must be 15 - how else is Game of Thrones so high up for a question about theme SONGS.
Still it will get rotated out at the same time as BRM and TGT which makes very little sense imo.
haan abhi 50k ke chakkar mein china se door handle mangwaye hai
"Ah yes, the classic Wiitendo 64"
They don't owe you a fucking thing.
I was afraid someone wouldn't get the reference!
I usually just type gibberish to see if it's working
"Oh yes, or a hardboiled one in a pinch to make it easy..."
"10/10, would photoshop again"
"Is that to keep that bad guys out, or *you* in?"
"Well, after all it was a priest that told her so and not a doctor."
Pretty sure mice that are intelligent enough to play games will cost you more than $50-$100.
"To be fair, Daniels is criminally underrated, and with totally unbiased goggles on, is a top 5 DL."
Also don't flush dildos
Got ours last week
"Wow, I can't believe this is allowed on you-tube, this is soft core porn."
"There are plenty of stories of dissatisfied customers with Kogan, but I've bought a couple of cheap TVs from them and everything has been fine."
"Apparently, he's Emmy nominated"
Would have said the same about Chad President not long ago.
idspispopd in the demo
Then it's...ART.
"I reallllly want to play my own knockout game, but I'm not a savage animal who will go out and bum rush people because I disagree with them."
I'll give you boop up for the original and a boop down for the repost.
"From a racing standpoint, Kentucky From a aesthetically beautiful and nostalgic standpoint, Darlington From an emotional standpoint, Martinsville Chase"
Grandma would be disgusted if she found out!
"No, goats r dum"
Lawl.
"10 years is a long time to play pro football, though, ""only 32"" or not."
"Stiff opposition... fnarr, fnarr."
Yup same here.
I stopped getting them after I got my tonsils out
sweet zombie linda
"The baby probably popped out with that face, all like ""Surprise motherfucker!"""
Of course Vader won half his team was helping...
Why not just shoot them in the face?
definitely eastern euro
So...what gender is sitting on your ass eating and surfing the internet all day?
what comes up with the results of the possibility of me being banged?
Ok good because I can't tell with this sub.
Not to mention Fallen Hero's effect can stack which could make for some hilarious combos
"You could play Asylum in a very linear fashion, but you still had pretty much open access at any time as long as you had the proper gadget to get to certain places."
Beats #3 contender Gets put at #14 Yoel would rip rafael natal's head off
I have faith in funimation.
"Dude, his record is 25-0"
:(
awoo-la-la~
"Naw, I think it just likes your shoes."
"Fortunately, in canon all the walkers on Hoth were taken down... But the shield generator had already been destroyed."
msi..
God damnit.
Except he wasn't.
how about a get together were balls and prostate do some breast checks while breast cancer ones do some balls checking
He'd have a strong case at arbitration for a one way contract with the new team if he was claimed.
R/turkey with the spicy memes today
"not very, just the normal amount; around deadlines it does get a bit crazy"
Prepare yourself for the downvotes.
Probably not I think
I would try to excrete the most bodily fluids that I possibly could.
"Rusty, trombone."
"I didn't oversleep, my alarm clock made me late!"
"Thanks for catching that, I really did mean to say you wont have many arguments."
All of the snapchats are in the sidebar
Proof?
"Fuck fnatic, I don't think flusha is a hacker but fnatic is a douchebaggy team"
"You've got my vote, dude."
Apparently just hitting on him is enough to be intimidating.
For everyone else that doesn't get the reference then :p
I am more worried by him addressing the May Day parade a thing that a bunch of Stalin apologists go to
Is your sister like super nice to people in person but then a like a mean person behind closed doors?
I used it once after I unlocked it but it's so bad it's not worth running again.
Racist Nord!
"The rock at the ""end"" of the trail looks like a T-rex on the prowl."
"With our frontcourt situation, you're more likely to see Lyles get some time at the 3 vs the 5."
and here we have the correct answer.
"The way I heard it described is that BuzzFeed does the crappy clickbait stuff to subsidize the actual good journalism, because we live in a world where crappy clickbait stuff sells more than actual good journalism."
Love it love it love it love it LOVE this look!
Yea he will just have to tell a judge that and I'm sure he will get off unscathed!
"I want to go to the moon, I just don't know where to start."
And of course it's totally your fault.
"They can get sex, they should obviously go into whoring for equal pay, right?"
He only has body guards because he's forced to
"Please, if you're selling your soul for good wonder spots, you gotta at least be playing as Spain."
It wasn't confirmed but the sniper did have a playing card in their bag.
No exchanges that are worth anything will take it if it can mean legal issues.
In case you didn't know who I am I'm ryu -Ryu
i play csgo at legendary eagle and have played better with this keyboard
This needs to be the top comment before countless users tweet this post to Niantic.
"But that song isn't upbeat, and it is clearly about him losing his love in a car crash."
"The nostolgia, the series where I watched this every weekend and shipped so much harder than any other anime."
Now with a sat-nav!
No snow but fully geared like a lvl100 slav.
"Jango, not sure about the head though"
"Song ID's belong in daily discussion, not their own post."
How much everyone wants to one up each other.
"It's probably the mag, yeah."
"You top it with some rainbow jimmies first, right?"
Why would you want to clone Moyes?
Most relevant username fucking EVER
umg is being buttholes and blocked it on mobile
"The true face of God, exile."
Just another example of Google having all the pieces necessary to make a Lego Ironman for a few years but not going the whole 9 yards to complete the piece and then Apple comes along and makes a better looking Batman
Just online games
That's blatantly false and a little misogynistic.
I left SMNC because I was tired of waiting hours in matchmaking queue.
U wot m9
Ghostbusters.
Some one else might have gotten it wrong.
I hate it when my sockpuppets go sentient on me tbqh
just for precaution.
It's eggnog season so I'm gonna get fat
Fifa
you got the brits to thank for that with the opium trade back in the days
I hope you all had your cyanide capsules ready.
yes... let the purge begin
Sounds like gay bedroom bondage.
lol he was such a mohamed
"I believe the term you're searching for is ""clickbait"""
hiding illegal shit in the middle of a corn field must have been extremely effective before the Wright brothers came along and fucked everything up.
You don't think women should have the right to walk through public spaces without lewd comments about their bodies being thrown at them by strange men?
"The kids part who knows, but he was definitely married before."
Yep!
Patience and staying above the childish insults.
"I don't have anything illegal in my asshole either, that doesn't mean i want the police sticking their fingers up there."
Viewer Discretion Advised
Are you trolling?
same as they think they will get skyrim ultra enb graphics with source2 xD
What they're doing is **NOT** science.
You sound bitter
I wish there were sites for keeping track of what works you've consumed in mediums other than anime and manga that were as good as MAL.
## DO U EVEN KIWI BRU?
"More productive than any of your condescending, sanctimonious posts have been, I would argue."
I have this happen sometimes if DSR is enabled on my system.
"Fiddle orchestra, get ready!"
Dementia
Bellender Cummerband
Better than $89 + tax + s/h..
"Being Cree, We get to grow wiring facial hair WAY late in life!XD"
Yeah exactly.
Our God is real and theirs aren't.
You certainly like that wolf howl.
You mean it's going to be just like the last 8 years ?
If he's eventually putting people in these things and one of them just exploded - I think that's their concern.
You know that it's just an automated system that picks up on keywords and not some guy judging you from the other side of the computer screen right?
You can't rob someone with a wet processor
The same way we're not letting you have veto power on the UN security council.
What the hell is that guy doing dragging Sooyoung like that D: Almost yanked her off te platform.
RACIST WHITE MALE
God dammit.
Green=/=primmie
"PSA, shoelaces have no place on a bike"
You seem to be missing a 3rd picture.
Will not be.
Well since his power is alchemy instead of flowers in there I assume it's the chemicals that give him his powers.
But no company will actually do this because repeat sales will be zero.
Maybe the biggest waste of time in the game :)
99.9% of economists are not Austrian.
So very swan like
"I don't understand the whole ""turning your notes in"" thing: -Everybody writes notes differently -They are Notes, not Homework"
"Yeah, they tried to make amends right away though by beating the Heat The effort is there at least"
Ditto... Except I also kept SGA for VoG Oracles.
"Honorable mention to Rachel ""Saint Pancake"" Corrie, who discovered that she could not magically levitate an Israeli bulldozer by shrieking at it."
11-Oct-75
and yet here i am eating lasagna and watching my kitchen nightmare ...
Yet they're always praying for something.
tiz indeed a truly beautiful game....loves it i do :)
Cats and boobs just keep us listening... Waiting for a coup.
Thanks...uh....Aktimno...
I have starlings I feed at work that I get sad for.
But then you realize.
"And Bayern have Shaqiri and Muller as ""back-up"" for their wings."
I think the point of the story is that the Seahawks knew before signing him that he would not be allowed to play because of his heart condition and they signed him anyway.
No
"Not even so much entering the country without permission, the bigger problem is staying in the country with an expired student visa."
"Ah yes the elephant gun, for when you need to kill an elephant and anyone unfortunate enough to be standing behind you when you fire it"
Good joke
"Of course, Comrade."
Did your game glitch on night 2 with Bidybab?
So you're saying they must construct additional pylons?
"That facemask probably smelled like his moms spaghetti, he was super nervous and kept on forgetting how to break the safe, but he was armed and ready."
A 'hit' is a positive response from either a local or state warrant database or listing in NCIC (vehicle associated with an arrest warrant or stolen vehicle Don't confuse assumptions for facts.
What else would I need to reference?
"I did, and it is... grabbed payday because, well, steam sale."
"Yea, I get it, you don't give a shit about families, it's cool dude, just don't disparage those who do."
Which 1 do we have now?
#NAME?
I'd say Aqualad is a *Sea* List character.
TURBOSWEAT TIME
Cuz we don't like Russia.
Just picked up my PS4 copy looking to get into Online more I'll add you and after work tomorrow I'll jump on and maybe we can play!
"it doesn't matter, literally for every political person there is at least one person who hates them"
im sure its not that hard if like 60% of the world uses it
And the rest are called Lee Sin :P
Anyone that's a feminist is too stupid for redemption in the first place.
A good number of my passwords are muscle memory and I keep getting screwed trying to type them on a new phone
Photoshop is pretty much always best.
maybe tag it gluten free instead?
Can't build up there :(
Can we get a political map?
At least I'll have delicious brisket in a couple hours.
LOL
Left authoritarian
Being level 4 and facing level 7's consistently is a pretty annoying feature though xD
face cam
"STFU, let's get past NC first."
Again.
"FUCK RED BULL Football is for you and me, not for fucking industry"
you have to wait for the ach transfer to clear for the limit to reset.
upvotes for phallic archive
Yeah we have plenty of those girls who dance with their bums.
Is that the new direct drive pedal from DW?
"I'm familiar enough with the assumptions science makes, I just want to know which one in particular you think is flawed, self-serving and flimsy."
I really thought somebody was going to get yelled at.
Probably those who are anti-comic book movie (small minority)
Why don't they limit the amount of champions to 9?
Lost Society
Register TFH on your account.
Long Pork
Bill Mueller (2003) is the first player to hit grand slams from both sides of the plate in the same game.
"Interesting that despite a 2:1 adoption ratio, software sales have been 3:1 in favor of PS4 on multi platform titles."
The hate would go away if some of your fan base and your school would just never mention JoePa.
The estrogen level is too damn high.
She looks better without the heavy makeup.
My thoughts exactly
"That's just like your opinion, man."
"Unfortunately, the grass is always greener...I was proud to say he was our mayor."
"they should just let like madhouse do this shit, just look at one punch man, fucking godlike animation"
d'awww!
Truth.
Can't go anywhere without someone shitting on Pixel.
"The problem is, a lot of people acted like Clinton and Trump were equally bad right up until the moment Trump won, and then they immediately realized that Trump is far far far worse."
Just ask if she trusts you while impressing her with some dangerous/cool shit
My wife thought Funny Games was going to be a light-hearted comedy.
5 points and then look forward to being told how each one of those points was a good result
Headspacing?
Also Illidan has golden eyes.
Anyone else get a little turned on reading that?
Dump it in a glove and you dont even need to flush!
Dumbasses deserve this.
HOLY FUCK SPOONMAN
someone has had a bad experience with jing weis....
21 I think.
"maybe, maybe not BUT i got 2x cbble cases in cologne and 1x in cluj with this"
I mean to me those are all vital to the experience but some raid things just don't translate to a five man.
"Because the topic isn't relevant anymore, so I moved on to how you were being hypocritical."
Hanz and Franz
Since SK doesn't have a national hockey team... We try too hard with CFL.
Dibs!
ohhh
Just ask the Neanderthals.
Why?
But the only good blue Cavs/Paladins are Finn and Geoffrey.
faggot
Craigslist Wright quote.
Something something Arby's.
This one resonates with me.
"And that's why that side always wins, it's because their opponents have the mentality that their vote doesn't matter."
"And if the servers are merging, if I was to create a character today will it remain the same level and everything after they merge them?"
"I just want to clarify: Are we really having a legitimate ""but what about my freeze peaches"" discussion in an SRS space?"
Nick seems to always be the butt monkey in this tumblr.
It was not... It was literally melted cheese whiz and hot sauce mixed together with over cooked soggy noodles.
I really hope Hillary gets indicted before the convention...
"That Hitler fella made some good points, eh?"
"Wouldn't that depend on which way you are turning, though?"
"This isn't an opinion, it's just racism."
"Honestly, what could be such a terrible idea?"
"True, kinda like SOE / Daybreak in the past :P"
SeemsGood Thanks Jeten_Gesfakke SeemsGood
You're referring to the Golden Age.
"Thanks for the long and detailed response, but I should have mentioned that I loved the way the Zeds talk and had character in KF1 and wish they would add that in KF2 (which is seems like they are starting to do) but I'm confused about one of your points, you talked about how that in KF1 that you have combos to kill the big Zeds quickly, you also have that in KF2, so it doesn't really make that much sense, But thanks again for the detailed response."
Anything that doesn't appeal to straight white guys basically.
I thought it was going to say something at the end.
"yeah, I found that one by missclicking xP"
"God I just hope the Red Sox don't try to ""be polite"" or some bullshit and give the jackass a tribute he doesn't deserve."
i think it's because context is off
"Fair enough, I didn't hear about the Roy/Ryu stuff myself until a couple of days afterwards - becasue I was too busy playing as Mewtwo - who has kinda become my main now..."
Or the communication block of realizing he forgot to brush his teeth in the morning.
"If you look at the other angle, Dixon didn't get a hand on it"
"NRA, the supporter of terrorists."
"They don't own the cars, it's essentially viewers letting them borrow the cars for the video"
"If gears didnt have them, itd probably have to make up all the dialogue myself"
Definitely a Katie.
Never go full retard.
"Yeah, I don't mind at all when people use clips for educational purposes."
":) ill probably do it after the next competition, as i plan to add a theorycrafting aspect aswell as a buildmaking one."
How big is the FPS difference friend?
I wouldn't
"Shit son, nobody saw that coming."
Get on the phone to the rentalsman asap and get a case opened as well.
So the front page after the last update?
"okay, your trolling was pretty good yesterday, but it's like 24 hours later and you have to start something new otherwise it just drags on."
I'm really surprised he's made it to the fifth round.
Billow All day
"The answer would be women who are plus-sized, feminist and lesbian."
And with inputs and outputs.
I know I'm going to down voted but how often do you see immigrants shit in boxes or piss in bottles?
"Kicking the bucket, maybe."
They're already immunized from all the crap the original settlers brought over.
His resurrection is supposed to vouch for all the things he said.
I dont think it's worth it considering dual 970s will beast mode pretty much everything at 2K res.
Add with the fact that most people on the Indonesian public in general isn't well-versed with satire either.
But I like boobies :(
the thing is the casters do the things you mentioned not only when it comes to eu vs na they are just unfun in general with their forced puns and other bad jokes (especially phreak)
"No, he's not."
2015 REx Giga
"He's the villain, now."
"I personally main Ike and Falco which covers everything but D3 imo but even then, the MU is doable with both these characters."
"It's Future and the Past, Yes Future and the Past One is an idiot, And the other won't last You know what happens next S1 Barry no longer exists Because Future, Future fucked up the Past Past Past Past Past ::dum dum dum dum dum dum::"
That isn't how an AMA request works.
"Eh, at least she isn't a fascist piece of shit."
Why did I never think to cook lentils in the rice cooker?
getting pen'd straight thru the spaced armor on the front of my super pershing turret by a T54 spamming 330 pen heat says yes
"Guess I know what I'm watching tonight then, thanks for the suggestion :)"
A lot of Clinton as president
"If you're spending your time in a movie theater being entertained by your cell phone, you're wasting your ticket money."
Preach brother
He did a bit during his youth days.
"""My great-grandmother's cousin's barber's dog's interior designer once went to an Italian restaurant"" = ""I have some Italian blood in me"""
Straight male here; am more attracted to Chris Pratt now than when he was fat.
r/BellaThorne
"*Looks at shelf, 10 Palladium Rifts books* Shit."
Needs more managers.
I wouldn't be surprised if they got invited.
"fine as in acceptable, not fine as in in awesome"
"""floating"""
uhhhhh legal weed starts un January bro
"Being humble, because I'm the greatest."
Dupe.
You absolutely have to do something with an eel that we wouldn't believe...
i need a gif of when she collapsed and the secret service threw her limp body into the limo like a fucking meat sack
"No, it's still nostalgia even if it's nostalgia from this generation."
Which wars did it stop?
And seeing individuals too
Yes but...don't you have the sensation that Sugilite's personality is more similar to Amethyst's than Garnet's and Sardonyx's personality is more similar to Pearl's?
Shhh....
This thread proves otherwise?
"Came back, nvm"
Notice how this voice didn't actually tell her where her real self would end up.
***KNOW DAT***
"Throttle, is that you?"
mega man 2 and 3 metroid mario 2 zelda 1 and 2
"Honestly I can help you change your mind about earth spirit if you want to play some pubs tomorrow, my winrate with him is still considerable even after the nerfs (I play him in the 4 spot)"
:)
I thought you were going to give one of those really good ELI5s that a 5 year old can understand about the closure of complex numbers where one mouse is the reals and the other one is the imaginary numbers or some crazy thing like that when I read the first line.
This person has never met a toddler.
"It looks cool, but lol scams."
Another interesting thing is that those first two youtube links are the same URL and lead to a private video
"I feel like a jerk this week, cuz I've always had severe dislike for him."
This was asked yesterday and you got a shitty response then too
Malik the freak!
"Ahh, I see."
"Synechdoche, NY Mood Indigo Confessions of a Dangerous Mind American Splendor Adaptation Her"
"He tore one getting in, and the other after refusing help to the back"
I fell asleep during the episode.. Is it me or this show losing its edge and succumbing to baddie of the week syndrome?
How long does he keep his rookie contract for?
"What is intersexual, pansexual and demisexual?"
Wow he actually looks a lot like Kevin Costner there.
"Because if you watch him for a whole game, you'd see that he does plenty of other things with the ball, too."
Does no one ever use a compass?
Probably a stupid question but how do we know they did this and aren't just lying?
lets see : -every protagonist ever
"you just made a pretty big assumption also, it's tough for me to recall the last public decapitation that happened in America"
"Thank you, OP, for linking to the tumblr that seems to have a glimmer of sanity at the bottom of the commentary."
That idea is so terrible it just might work!
Every day since the day I was born I've been slowly moving through time.
"Wait... if you use this on a certain queen spider, wouldn't her death rattle still be for the full statted version?"
What about Hajime X Natsumi?
"Wow, so non-judgemental."
"Seriously, I was hoping cockpit view would be like it is in FM5 even though legs don't do anything."
My pants repercussions: pee
not to mention differing views of what happens after death LITERALLY IN THE SAME BOOK
What does that make Clinton?
"I've been tempted to read Proust, but know it would take me forever."
I'm genuinely disappointed not to find a link to the list here in the comments.
Give it a lick.
"As a mostly law-abiding cyclist, I make a lot of Pittsburgh lefts because I can inch pretty far into the intersection before the light turns and generally be out of it by the time cars start moving."
But now you can feel things.
Clinton?
They only refer to two of the 13 parties as racist.
The years of the peace loving Kingdom of Prussia.
"Most likely, post had @everyone or @all tag in it, but was edited after that"
Those hour and a half long nursery rhymes are a godsend
I won't forget the chapter prediction about Askin or Tellin Nakk La Varr.
Perfect!
Maybe they're implying secondary infections?
"Given how shit their first pass at LMS that's ""beta test ready"" is, it's pretty clear two months isn't enough time"
"If it wasn't clear from the comments, there's only love."
"Doesn't look like a souvenir you buy, even in a Middle Eastern gift shop."
"Pretty much any local pizza place will do pasta toppings, although the specifics will depend on what they have on hand"
"So excited, can't wait :)"
THANKS MIKE HARRIS.
Honey Boo Boo?
You misspelled Jesus
You picked a great game to shoot.
Nvidia GimpWorks^TM The way you're meant to be played!
And throw 'em in?
The infamous kushover
you're right no johns unless you're a nice guy
They were probably sitting at the table and decided between them that it would get them both some extra publicity.
"So, it'll be either or?"
Your previous comment didn't seem to indicate you actually hold that belief.
\*metaphorically kicks you*
TIL my crotch is seattle
Was that at intersection of Pennsylvania Ave by any chance?
It's A Trap!
Something he has in common with the Clinton team
Appeal to authority is the fallacy you're looking for.
Miller is just cancer unless you have a dedicated tryhard squad to play with or you are willing to wait and hop factions for the defensive farms.
deep hunter 2 94L53-XRC2A-LRPWT
Boston terriers rule
Pretty sure that's him...
You mean the ones that turned out to be total lies?
"Sp this is an example of what NOT use use as a profile pic, then..."
Lol that's almost evil
My most upvoted comment is about a pair of jeans.
This doesn't look great
"But if the person then says ""aha, you're disagreeing because you're so sensitive, this proves my point"", that *is* a kafkatrap"
I hope their dental service is better than Cloud9 is at CS
Should have told her sorry i have that effect on people.
Name checks out
"true but when it s happen to me i get kick, when its happen to olof its a bug...."
Decorum like making fun of a handicapped reporter or a POW?
Brilliant
"Well, gorhill's ""fork"" is still pretty legit (for chrome at least)."
Wow that was quick
EA won't be getting my $60 again with BF5.
"Surely, especially considering you only need three kingdom titles to form an empire!"
Why didn't I get this :( haven't got a single draft token so far..
I give up.
Not AAA ones....
"Nothing of The Establishment was blocked out, just Joy's stuff."
"""Glory be to the father, the son, and the holy Chip Kelly"""
I dont know what that is..?
"On the bright side, either a win or a loss would be a first for the Scots."
"It was just a weird theory I had once, if I had to guess he's 5-8"
"As soon as I saw Liquid with 68% I was like ""lol ez skins"""
Springlock Execution.
"I don't take anything from IslamQA, I can't trust their scholarship on anything."
:)
"""I wasn't even trying"" Yeah I used to say that at the playground when I was little too.... when I lost"
"That's what you get for going around, looking all *employed* and shit..."
I want to see the gymnastics it takes to mount this beast.
Go Colonels!
"I might need to collect an imgur album for that show now, actually."
Agreed.
2brave
I'll probably just binge the last few seasons of Oz......but Sunday I will definitely be watching The Night Of.....I feel worthless now.....meh whatevs.
According to that verse so should the majority of politicians for the last hundred years.
I feel sooo uncomfortable for you.
DoTs are usually seen as an unfun mechanic.
Having my thoughts stolen by people in the street.
"We just call him Tom, but he's actually in charge of writing all our contracts."
"I tried using Waterfox, but it was a memory hog and I switched back to Pale Moon."
Someone is jealous.
"1920's to 1940's, judging by the frame."
"The main difference seems to me that this pope is more accepting of people who believe differently than his predecessors, and many other religious leaders."
Are they trophies or bred?
We have a very clear wage cap and its not to be broken
"honestly, as long as i get 30fps locked, i'm fine"
You try punching a 335 pound man.
He's got the TTGL art style perfected.
Previously in the debate?
Yeah but you know how it goes; there are plenty of dodge people willing to steal if the opportunity presented itself.
No-tea-ing
They ran out of cigarettes at every store she went to.
"Yup, that one that dies to shadow flame was totally ignored"
They're the Leonardo dicaprio of the footballing world.
Yes you have to buy them if you want to advance...
"I don't believe maryjane kills cancer, but I do believe it has an effect on pain."
Hes going to be very familiar with our Cox.
"Gotta love how the other women were not charged because of ""lack of evidence."""
"Yeah, I joke, but I never mind picking them up to be honest, electronics are a real pain to get at 30."
"Good god that is greasy, mines is never that greasy."
Because those effects would likely happen long after youve already passed your genes on.
"ITT: everyone mindlessly spouts ""correlation != causation"" because they didn't read the article and realize that the study's authors controlled for other variables."
"I'm pretty sure the DEA goes after drug traffickers, not the FBI."
Pistol sniping
Think about how bad Twitch would smell.
You know some old looking 12 year olds
"Well...I am white, so I definitely have white privilege, so it goes without saying that I probably also have ALL the privileges (even the ones I don't have)."
"Hey, the US is a superpower too, you know."
What is it
"You got it, I'm in."
Occupy Storm Hype!
"The weekly strikes I did do had some lvl 26+ people in who i revived more than they revived me, as long as I can keep alive i have no worries."
"Just because it's her first period doesn't necessarily exclude first miscarriage :/ However, I agree that a clot would be more likely."
Why did I just watch that?
"For sure what they have is better than nothing, but it's still important that the situation is talked about and improved further."
Is the grey coarse weave underneath part of the protection of the pants are are you wearing chainmail underwear?
this is why we cant have nice things.
That is first degree felony hurt-speech
Have a girl in my class who loves stock Android but is poor so she opted for an android one phone.
Reminds me of Thermite's Orbit headgear.
It happens in MGE
He ruined Britain's chance at a Republic
"Yeah, sometimes we're dicks..."
"Nah, we were 2 or 3 mid &amp; have the others to get big from the scrubs."
"shes kind of like an ap master yi, can be assassin fighter or tank"
LMG is debatable but I agree 100%
fan made*
So you're saying there's a chance.
I'VE BEEN DOUBLE-JOAJED.
AI piloted ships tried to start war with Xi'An
The article says it best: The idea that a company should be able to drill and potentially cause problems that it can't afford to fix should register as patently ridiculous.
"Ok cat, you can have my chair now."
It's almost as if... Reddit contains multiple people with multiple viewpoints.
But the CSM we need.
"Please, try not to be too hypocritical."
As a Chargers fan I thought a touchdown from Melvin Gordon last year was realistic too.
"Nay, that is but a clever ruse developed by the Dome to kill our one true messiah."
Close enough.
Lets ride the rainbow dragon together
Are you people real?
"I'm not trying to defend Gibbons, it's just that what you were saying is not true and really exaggerated what actually happened."
would that make Opie Tico Torres?
"You do realise: ""Not a good deal"" is not equal to ""punishment""."
"I AM BROSEIDON, LORD OF THE BROCEAN!"
No chance of overtaking the bus when it was stopped?
"Jones has been looking boom or bust, not saying he should be dropped, but really his stat lines are probably back to being sketchy"
Pro play and shield buff.
What's your occupation ?
Not to diss Indiana because they gave us a run for our money but your defense is a *litttttttle* bit better than theirs.
"I think if you look where she was shooting afterwards, the ball may have left her field of vision, and she probably assumed it missed her."
yes
you've asked for it!
"3am, hasn't happen yet :p. I had several around midnight already though :)."
For phans only
"record a video of you dabbing it, please OP, FOR THE CHILDREN"
"Sounds terrible, what an odd mix."
the 24-105L Canon Lens shot at F/9 at ISO100 at 1/60th of a second.
UMD?
Lennay Kekua
Holy fuck thats impressive
I'm sure the IRS would like to have a few words with her.
Alan Wake First it got hugely hyped then only released on console and when it finally came out for PC ist had a lame story and aweful controls.
But what if someone had confused it with Division 2 ball!
this Guy J album is fucking great
"Thanks, although it looks like we ride the down boat for not being complete fucktards today :)"
Whoa!
THOSE DAMN ONSERVATIVES
It's not thermal throttling.
It would also be awfully boring.
I'm uncomfortable...
"Not exactly the Constitution, It's probably the law that put ""In God We Trust"" on money..."
Really doesn't sound overly complex.
"We're all fucked up, some just hide it better"
"Yup, we use the Metabones on our Sony HD video cameras to fit whatever glass we have, so far they've been great."
"Exactly, cardboard is not comparable, gear VR is nice but still lacking, truly VR is only experienced with the desktop headsets, after watching the tech demo of this headset I'm not all that impressed"
it would looks quite nice.
"I thought Carvalho was very good as well, actually let down by the immaturity of Sanchez and a few others."
No :(
You're forgetting Jeff Fisher is the coach...Rams will go 7-9 every season
Hell Gary Johnson probably aligns better with progressives at this point than Trump or hillary...
"Everyone stop telling me to ""come on down to my state because blah blah blah blah fuckin fuck..."""
Proud of these guys
Same...
That title is damn fire
This made my day.
Someone please send them a copy of The Thing
"Worst argument ever, thanks for my daily cup of stupidity."
"""I would have told everyone on Reddit how mad I was for like 2 weeks!"""
Because I want people to see me when I'm ninjaing down to the ground.
I wouldnt call every kill you got in a game crazy highlights
"If that's not possible, preferably seats for the same purpose of transit."
Fuck: Heisman Marry: You rip buse
thats not what i'm saying at all luckily :)
What's the order of your top three?
"Yep, no strings on this one, he's real."
So purrrrty
The F-22 has been a bit of a disasters actually... Its having tons of problems.
"One of the many surprising things about GG is that they are prepared to sit down and watch an hour long video that tells them what they want to hear, but won't listen to a 3-4 minute video that may disagree with them to the end."
"No I honestly think its a hicky , somebody's been biting ;)"
Have you looked at the Braven line of wireless speakers?
They're trying to soften the blow and start desensitizing cucks for when they find out all their heroes are chomos.
#NAME?
"Ahh yes Reddit, the place where edgy neckbeards down vote all comments not containing a pun or some stupid reference."
what kind of 50 do you have?
"Of course they could if they throw a sucker punch via a submarine or something similar, but they would regret that pretty fast... As long as they can't fight the US military when they are in a stage of alert they gonna lose - and a war you can't win is not worth fighting (maybe if you're some lunatic who can't wait ti get to heaven or hell, but that's a different story)."
"Coconut extract or as a fat substitute coconut oil/abv to cook popcorn was insane, but hard to dose and smelled strongly"
"Personally I would have preferred him going to Buffalo, but guess money trumps all."
Tell me how Polish people were involved in capitalist colonialism.
*Trailer Shit
OP is most definitely a faggot.
She was always one of my favorites.
Gummy bears.
all good fam happy new years haha
he's not very much like Porzingis.
"The ""post hoc ergo propter hoc"" fallacy."
Agreed
Never go camping
"He was more accurate in the states Bernie wins in, or racks up large margins, but that's only because he overcalls almost every single race for Bernie"
"I agree, but at least she will cash out."
MH370?
"Just Instagram, but she may have deleted some over time, I save them as soon as they are posted though so I have all the stuffs."
You cant put your dick in a woman if it's flailing around all over the place.
It's not *amazing* but it's definitely a step in the right direction
I'm calling you a liar.
Lets leave the whipping to backwards middle-eastern countries...
"Because blaming ""the edit"" is the default excuse from underwhelming/under-performing queens."
"Israel only blocks it's border areas, just like the US does where Mexico and Canada are concerned."
"By that logic, private unions are exactly the same and great, just like public unions."
Are you genuinely that dense that you think can destroy a religion with military power?
In Thailand women often are not...
Bro job
Dub u dub u dub u dot
Americans ruined America!
Right click on the part and you will get a little pop up bubble with an option to extend.
"With ios 9 if you have auto brightness DISABLED you may see this pop up in your battery section, regardless of your current brightness it's simply recommending that you turn it on Otherwise the regular option should just be under brightness :)"
Da
Isn't that called a bull market?
turksmare white
"Looks good, you should post in the main sub."
"""WHAT YEAR IS IT!!!"""
"Yeah, works for Mr Burns' Steven Spielbergo from the Simpsons."
Zing!
Not looking forward to $120 games and experiences though.
There is no lack of space there if thats what you are asking.
This mod is so good even though it can kill almost every PC.
List it in hardware swap you'll be fine.
This repost...
which is bullshit because I think I saw it on numerous top ten lists.
"Also, Mekanism pumps"
"Standards vary, my friend."
That's why i uninstalled it in the first place
It's the best for use when describing weather.
Inb4 the number of degrees you could watch the video becomes the number of days before he comes back
So m pe p E can't r. Ed iT
Lebanon*
I hope it isn't too intensive Or else we'd get paid online
Ketchup.
I'm Ethan Bradbury...
"Your point is good, but your overuse of question marks is obnoxious."
It looks like the jpg has gone bad too
Yeah it's a bitch to turn off.
"Mice, they are everywhere and they are many."
Filthy muggles
You can get mechanical keyboards for far less than $200.
A lot of things can go wrong over 15 years.
"Ya, the dude from Probot"
"That's no issue with games like Forza where you can create any car livery you want (brands, companies, copryighted content)."
Early happy birthday!
Fucking *in* your house.
Otto looks blotto.
"Eh, the Viral Spam on higher difficulties is annoying, but as long as there's a car or something they're not hard to deal with."
"And he has been for quite a while, now."
I wish I had so many gray pieces :3 Thanks for the instructions :)
"I dont want to pay more than that because every player above that price is going to receive a massive price drop, and yes I know its going to be difficult to compete, especially considering its FIFA 17 and not FIFA 16."
Thanks!
It's almost like people have different opinions.
Alt
But there was time now.
Presumably boost to 118 and stay for 30 mins
And the toilet goes flush!
"In other news, Republicans distrust Democrats, Dogs chase cats, water is wet."
u wut?
The only advantage Rooney has over Higuain for Arsenal is that man U wouldn't have Rooney.
Royal cheese is good though D: But this thought we're talking about in this thread falls in the shower thoughts//before going to bed thoughts category.
Because they have one replay and then showing 3 matches from Today the rest of the day.
But I don't even like beets!
"#I CAN SEE CLEARLY NOW, THE RAIN HAS GONE"
"""Hey there, my name is-"" ""WHAT'S YOUR FAVOURITE BEER!?"""
Yeah fuck that guy for having rich parents!
Why wouldn't they just cross the Canadian border like they do the US border?
who are also shit
"Please explain, I definitely don't get it..."
You may have a gambling problem.
#NAME?
"App State conjures ghosts of 2007 and rolls into Tigertown... oh, wait, I can't bring myself to even type that."
"It's F3, but that's true it includes this nice feature."
K doaler
Sounds of Silence - Simon &amp; Garfunkel Strange Days - The Doors Sgt Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band - The Beatles Highway 61 Revisited - Bob Dylan
**BUT NO DAMAGE**
I was expecting the cake to blow up.
I think the nose just has more surface area on a 2-dimensional plane
Thanks for that.
Was responding to the guy who doubted this as a fact because of the source.
"And Heyward left them, and the Cards flipped shits."
Can't upvote enough.
Well then find a job that doesn't require to follow a secular definition of your religious beliefs.
if the only traffic law you break is speeding you'll never be at fault in an accident
*Better safe than sorry* isn't very PC these days.
verie son
"All for that sweet, silky, karma."
Or two small pieces of duct tape
"The tunnel is sort of real, but it only goes 1 km of the way."
"Unless my screen is displaying it weird, looks like a pinkish grey tone."
They've clearly spent a fair bit of money on it and everything... I mean who on earth ever thought that was a reasonable idea.
I had the most games played in ranked on adc graves last season with a 60% win rate
You're definitely dating the wrong men selfish bastards.
"tfw you have so many mods, you can't remember what items are from what mods :)"
I hope you have a good lawyer bro
And?
"So very, very disturbing."
I don't think I could afford the hourly rate.
Thank you!
sales of life boats literally doubled
Couldn't agree more!
"I fear I may have articulated myself incorrectly, I agree with what you've said."
I eftein think the same
Minuscule compared to Dethklok
"Same, I could do without ""as a super fan...."" every sentence."
Have you ever broken a condom during intercourse?
Black Canary should be here.
I *hate* ass robots
Well more then three.
"Every single thread with a wife, without fail."
Are you doing anything to prevent foxes?
This must be what going mad feels like.
It records and saves fine but looks like the picture.
"Seconds: **1,403,642,400** Minutes: **23,394,040** Hours: **389,900.66666666** Days: **16,245.86111111** Weeks: **2,320.8373015869** Years: **44.5092085236** Decades: **4.4509208524** Centuries: **0.4450920852** Millenniums: **0.0445092085**"
"Quick, brighten up all of them!"
Is this an Acer or a Costco policy?
"300 miles on a 15 minute charge when it's at a testing facility, 150miles on a 20 hour charge the rest of the time I bet"
"Eyyyy, it's my number!"
Save....The Margwas!
This is a pretty well done parody.
i saw a guy jump off a bridge and found $100 thats what.
That makes it sound sketchy
This makes your forehead rock hard.
Lol whaaaaat
Sad.
american bacon is trash canadian/danish/british bacon is where it's at
"""two can play at that game!"""
Ik zou het bijna op een T-shirt printen...
haha fuckoff hacker
"""no car life"""
That's a big IF
Xenos scum!
It doesn't contribute to the conversation
Is that Deandre's new nickname?
ISIS is that toxic.
Willingness to give blowjobs.
"If that trit weren't there, a random POS module in system would get unanchored when you dock."
Its better to have a 4v5 FNC with Klaj championpool problem going as a team and with a real coach than the dynamic queu arrogant shit that G2 shown.
Nah MLS is for the stars of 04
Thorin
"OK of course Athens has some beautiful places but its like the 0,000000000000001% of the city.I study in Thessaloniki and I am laughing when someone says that its a beautiful city.Only the port and the castles are beautiful."
As someone who lives in Texas I wouldn't be surprised if someone on the BoE tried this.
it happens
I thought it was only t auto that can have 5 stickers?
"One of my favorite movies ever, but since no one has heard of it, no one will take my recommendation and watch it."
I wish.
What's 45/45?
Malcolm X &amp; Beaker's lovechild.
"Well, if you want to be called beautiful these days you need to pack on the pounds as efficiently as possible."
"lel, do you even bruh ?"
Was this on Bleeding Hollow?
When there's no real repercussions there's no point in not guessing tbh.
"This is exactly how your 6 year old that ""hates vegetables"" grows up to be a 26 year old that ""hates vegetables""."
You sure this isn't ISIS?
Neither does Trump.
"I don't watch him anymore, just pointing out that he's annoying"
amazing that the thread itself has become drama!
Remind me again what exactly differentiates you from communists?
"Space theme, it is needed."
Only catch mentioned in their stream was that you had to have a regular package.
"cant fuckin wait to get me YET ANOTHER 2 mana spell: do fucking nothing, **AGAIN**"
I think its already been coined Sharrif Joe's Jailhouse
It's a brutal false equivalency.
Sharia gangs?
I'm wondering how many of these past few posters watched Hee Haw as kids.
Is it just me or does OP look really slender in the 2nd pic?
Not taking the roadside test is an automatic loss of license in my state
"Ok, then first we find a way to cure Kuru."
"Globally, demand is up."
no she did not....
If you generate a flat world of just a nether ore then something like generating an oil well will start the chain reaction of the entire dimension.
No loot?
Can't argue with prophecy... *cannonballs into furpile*
"Obviously Tomb Raider, 7 times."
"Anybody else notice the typo about ""a single water molecule weighs about 18.015 grams"" now that's very heavy water."
nestea D:
"If you are going to troll and race bait, you'll have to be a bit more coherent than that."
That would work... for Europe... and maybe Asia or North America
Neato!
"As Jeb once said: ""Forget struts, add more boosters!!!"""
(Distant Egg Song)
"But you didn't catch the funk, so I'd consider that a small price to pay."
Cause hes Swiss
"As a barely conscious person waiting for coffee, this makes me murf blah urgh uh."
"American battleships, preferably a fast battleship line so we can get the South Dakota class."
I think I'm missing something here.
Can confirm ADC just feels bad to play compared to every other role.
Added your request.
"""I have a dream"" -Adolf Hitler"
"I'm sorry, why is the US used in comparison here?"
Good advice
"Don't forget, he was a super stalker as well."
Hi
Are you calling Nick Harris a good punter?
WHOA THERE
Now I understand why people need safe spaces
"""Azeroth isn't going to save itself"""
"That's a crime in-and-of itself, but this is clearly a case of attempted manslaughter and the attourneys general have been itching to make an example out of somebody for lasing a pilot."
Not exactly a welcoming price for someone who's not sure if they'll enjoy the game haha.
Wade Bennett!
As well they should be.
"nah, i like having a very loose definition of pop music"
What hallucinations did you had?
:(
Did you vote in the primaries?
The opening zoom-out shot is a work of art
"Oh, well now I feel bad..."
Shhh....
This book is being rebound for Jay Leno's library.
rice with rasam and pickle
I love piston cake!
what dosage are we talking
Look how quickly Cam jumps out there to congratulate him.
In that amount of time you would think they would have checked to be sure who the current occupants were.
Then another test told me I was INFP.
"IK, i dislike this program too, not because of the voice part but the timer time, what's the point on learning the timers from monsters, learning cooldowns from ultimates, if i don't have to keep track on ANYTHING else than killing people, i will quit LoL and go back to FPS games."
"Sadly I couldn't pick up a flair in time for their departure, but I still have my SoF flair which is a game that bdubs made so I'm still ok!"
He's gonna destroy her.
ape
"Considering fictional characters don't age unless there's more to the story at a later time, yes."
"He did fine, but I can't not see him as the guy from Wings."
the G in Gentleman would like to have a word with you.
Isn't that what caused this situation in the first place?
dark souls is also a shit game
That's coupe
Is anyone really surprised that Bronwyn Bishop fears human emotions?
"Honestly, Labour are so fucked it's actually hilarious."
Weimeraner
I always thought that Team Chaos would be Giratina I was gonna make a logo too
"I'm not your buddy, mom!"
And to think I wanted to be a cook.
do you know the dutch girl too?
My point precisely.
oh boy
Have an up vote for your confidence
A lot of PS4 gamers own a 360 or a PC so their not missing out at all.
"You can live, but life is like the biggest grocery store, everything has a price."
You should do a post suggesting that the ETF should get approved tomorrow
"PMO: Porn, Masturbation, Orgasm."
"They do, it's the designer scruffy look, it takes a lot of time in front of the mirror to get it right."
Has anyone ever told you that you have excellent punctuation?
Let's just say it was likea Florida thunder storm
You're hot.
I still don't think that a good idea.
A cunt hair's width.
"""Ah fuck look at all these people not smoking cigarettes and enjoying their good health in public, it makes me so steamed ah fuck fuck fuckfuckfuckfuck"""
"Penny, Penny , Penny"
Mega minion being the #1 sparky counter honestly I use MM after sparky crosses bridge
Leftist idealism
"Since the anarchy stacks (and the extra damage) stay until that gun explodes, it's well worth it."
Stomping.
So what he is saying is that is actually improves performance under some circumstances?
"At a safe distance, yes"
"Lol, no those are my niece's"
Butt maybe
I gave up during Discord installation after my anti-virus called for the 5th time...
"And I believe that if a spiritual ideaology, religion or what have you, is counter to altruistic human behavior like Islam is, then it is should be shunned."
Ur trying too hard
I can't tell if this is sarcasm or not.
The struggle is real... bullshit.
"Uhm.. yeah, you don't say?"
No.
This made me laugh unnecessarily hard
"If you move your mouse around, you can almost always find a spot where this happens."
Well-put reply!
against that asshole i'm super racist i will genocide his ass whenever i can
"Imagine the music would be ""I've been looking for freedom""."
"I always liked the bass line to ""Do You Really Want To Hurt Me""."
Upblender for you!
"MASTER OF CRUELTIES ONLY KNOWS DEATH, NOT PRINCESSES"
Males require a larger calorie intake.
Use the superior 24 hour system instead!
"It's my old keytronic with foam n foil switches, it also has a hexadecimal number pad which is super cool."
Thank you!
"If you will not require visa for tourism, then you will not stop illegal immigration from EU."
I think you just want us to pay her for you
You must have come up during our warm month.
Finally this must mean it will be free on PS+
respect
If only they would return to the Faction system...
Erect your joystick and FIRMLY GRASP IT.
My pastor told me rain is God flushing his toilet.
wat.jpg
"I would think you were joking because of the "":D"", but I have multiple down votes on my comment there."
Until you fuck up the b.
Yeah but you have to pay to watch most
Yeah... that must be it.
"5429-7755-4786 If you add me please let me know what mons I've got, I'll do the same!"
"Aww how cute, you are using your big words."
I cant tell if their getting back to their boxy roots or looking more and more like a mazda/hyundai.
"Yeah, but that one was in part because the other team didn't peek him when he was reloading."
Goyhan
Directed by Michael Bay?
"How would a Hanzo/Genji/Bastion main know if it's boring when that team comp couldn't happen with them on the team, and the meta doesn't make too much of an impact on ranks where those players exist?"
"yeah, she has put on a bit of weight"
Dang dude that's like business 101.
HAH.
K LOVEEEE
Scump was far from mediocre.
Sad to say that the people who most benefit from this kind of plug-in are the least likely to use it.
Turn your sound up or make sure your default notification includes sound
"100% this, devs have their heads so far up their asses fanboys can't even try and defend this one"
"They have an easy fix, change role to specialist, fix some talents, and its over."
"This is definitely me, especially trying to learn a secondary falco as a samus main."
Pls do Po-2 vs Sabre.
"I don't know, but it feels damn good to call a new Titan in right after ejecting."
Just did the course two weeks ago
Space: Above and Beyond.
Haha yes :D And I'm 100% sure that Nexus and One Plus phones will be the first devices to support it because of the XDA community ;)
"Your dad absolutely met the Duke, then."
Sell high!
"This was posted earlier in the campaign, but I feel it is more relvant now than ever and our new subscribers could use this when persuading people."
it's like saying you want a new iphone because samsung went out of business
well hopefully he gets a preseason game this year at the very least.
Sounds like you have lightened up.. by 21 lbs :)
"I just hope he slips on his bike and hits his unprotected head on something, because there's no need to traumatize other road users with his dumbfuckery."
Smallest penis ever.
"I mean I find some black women attractive, its just a lot seem to be pretty aggressive/violent which isn't what I look for in women."
Yes another skill moms have to learn along with fake anger is discouraging dad's from laughing.
free 2 play?
10000 Souls per day sustain him
This might look nice in a fancy D&amp;D room.
"Maybe you stay in that state ""forever"" from your consciousness' perspective, and that's heaven."
That's the sound of tha police!
I could bring my fuzzy sheep on next time
"ha, i always have viewed reddit commenters on r/politics, as the fox news of liberals (thats more ext-ream than even msnbc"
And he is gonna have another great deal to make in 7 years.
"Your property values may fall, but your kids and grandkids will have a better chance of acquiring one!"
"you are taking a risk with a tank that has a crack, especially with that much water."
Or another roster change.
I before E except after C.
Poor Gideon... What a Waste.
"Manitoba isn't necessarily a pothole breeder, we're just too stupid to neuter them and once they're born we just let em run loose instead of putting them down properly."
Harry Botter
Something along the lines of asking why people make up nicknames for players.
Philadelphia Democrats?
This thread is a nightmare for mobile users
"but if you lose your flair is ""Stankass champion"""
You drew a bucket hat on him and it's all I can focus on now.
Lol
It's an amazing show.
The sentence should have been higher.
"Sounds ok, added you."
Nice game but scoreboards are supposed to be a text post with a blurb of the match
A park with dinosaurs.
Removed for being a repost.
K
With half stickers
Femininst for Bernie on twitter are calling her out hard with #HillarySoProgressive
Now I want that one so my other one can have a friend....
"I agree with you, but swag ... oh whatever let's go fuck shit up!"
BASH
Coming from someone who has seen their club lift trophy every year of their life that rreallllly does mean something
I feel like I've already read this comment today somewhere.
This is one of the best ideas ever
Norm in Australia too.
I was totally convinced of this when I saw the shots later on of a guy SURFING in the fucking storm swells..
"Seriously, grow up and do coke."
"Only 13% are actually enrolled into the ""compulsory"" service, so getting in has become prestigous."
Helping doesn't need to be limited to offering a some work.
"I think goalies just stick to their own settings, which is annoying especially for assists as well..."
I keep reminding myself that Katie is a decade older than Ashley and acts just as clueless.
Only gave 8k to charity which leaves 167k for 2015.
Yes I was there not 100 seconds ago The 7. world is one of my favourite worlds
"Given how he rolled over to them and supported their platform, I would say the republicans are ultimately happy."
If you read that again you'll see that I said that was my opinion
Those are all pretttyyy damn fair reasons for a votekick IMO.
Sudden enabler Also fuckin lood
Yeah they tell you that in the basic instructor course when becoming an AETC instructor.
.... I need to update my will ASAP.
ridiculous generalization... drunken is the operative word..nothing to do with youth or middle aged..
EleGiggle
"Yeah yeah, Bihar election is over."
It's hideous.
In like the part 2 weeks I have flashed almost 6 to 7 ROMs.
Insert Coin in Vegas?
I believe there are some people that paid money for silver expecting to fund new missions and strikes that would disagree with you.
"And one of our basis for independence is this, with a smaller country we can better manage our politicians and their decisions (just an example: PP, the ruling party that passed this law with their absolute majority, here got around 10 representatives out of 135 seats, so they don't represent us at all)"
"If you don't use blood rage you want a somewhat-linked frenzy either way, TS or LA."
Yes
You should contact steam and/or paypal depending on which account had the problem
No he shouldn't you fucking idiots.
You're good at this.
They really don't make cars like this anymore.
"I've been shit-faced for days, man."
like killing Sansa.
Thank you so much!
"If you want to build, I've got a '10 I'd be willing to discuss."
"Neither can I, but I saw it 4 years ago"
Nostalgia
I'm guessing it was a DJI Phantom or DJI Inspire 1.
"I had a feeling you were going to say that.. well, that or something about dicks."
You mean CIS?
Mike Schmidt.
"chabon te daria gold pero no tengo un mango, te conformas con reddit silver?"
Looks like she is about to start churning butter or raise a barn.
Hey that's offensive.
"It's hard to appreciate poetry or a song's lyrics if you're emotionally dead It's a lot easier to feel them when you're in a surge of emotions, when you're madly in love, or (in the contrary) when you're absolutely raging"
Khajiit has wares if you have coin.
"You aren't locking them out, you lock yourself in."
"""This candidate has a nice family and attends _________ services, got my vote."""
This^
Wew lad
Sure.
Its amazing how all the comments condemning Israel in this thread have nothing to say about the rockets fired into Israel first which resulted in a retaliation.
How is gool formed?
But I bet he's a total nice guy though.
"The more money I make the higher into the tax bracket I go, this year I said no to a raise"
Very hot and not so hot.
This whole picture makes me smile ear to ear.
"My fist points away from my face when I put them on, but I can see how it could happen."
They can definitely linger though
"Good point on coordination that I'd forgotten, if the women are *uncoordinated* in their attack, they might just end up getting in each others way."
F'in Shula
"Yeah should have just done the sinophobia thing like everyone else, eh?"
"Well the Blackhawks have become a pretty big bandwagon, so it's safe to say that these fans go to games just to say that they were there/are fans rather than just to enjoy the game."
Trump!
Oh and did we mention 4 out of the 5 of them are all QBs?
I'm 27 and still have this problem..
this is a pokemon reference but i forget what the truck and SS Anne did
"My used listings remain unaffected but I'm unable to create any new ""used"" listings."
Spinning end over end.
#SO MUCH PATRIOTISM
Does anyone have more info on the 50% off on PC and 57% off on PS4?
"Why are you placing any faith in the official narrative, youve been given 0 reasons to do so and many not to and you still trust their word like its gold?"
"I would prefer those 650 people didn't get a pay upgrade until they actually followed through on even their most basic promises they made to get into their position, then continued doing the actual jobs rather than lazing around and refusing to attend."
"I think that's more like, ""What is a chicken tractor with deep link on how to build a pretty crappy one."""
Why do you keep him?
Idk my shiva hits for like 13k
It just clicked were getting jeriKO for me lol.
"most foot bridges over highways are enclosed with chain link fence, pretty much no chance the flag could fall."
":( Oh man, I just realize if I die at 50 I am past my halfway mark."
"Chrysler owns Dodge, how come you're excluding them, as well as Jeep?"
At 10:39
Bang.
Oh man we are sitting at a comfortable 73 and sunny in Tucson today
I don't know of all the details but that sounds likely
*Omelette du fromage
I was being sarcastic dood
CS:GROW
"Well they can argue with "" in 1.5-2 years 802.11 ac will be everywhere"" And then you say ""LOL who cares, next year this time your phone will turn into crap anyway"""
Somebody get this guy a medal!
"or technic, the ssp version."
dear hell
"Be kind, rewind!"
Did you cry the whole time?
Jayce?
Helaas voor je zusje maar 'homo' als scheldwoord is wel beetje klaar tegenwoordig.
You have to place it in the :mnt/Android/obb folder.
"There is currently a solo online mode (market data is online, but you don't encounter other players), and a solo offline mode is planned."
Well we now know how his last gf was
I could have sworn that Jason Varitek wore one.
"Oh they tested it, they probably had the OCME come in to collect DNA samples off the poop (yes you can get human dna from poop) and if it was his/hers own poop they are now in the system."
The CPC candidate would provide a lot more bullshit.
"Funny thing is, Mike Goodson (played at A&amp;M) had his offer revoked by Gundy for trying to force himself on a hostess a few years back."
I tend to be
Isn't this cyano?
"All these kids can do the whip and nay nay, but refuse to come inside when its time to pray pray."
The key question they are asking: was the bottle later recycled?
He sleep..He sleep
"Seems to me like f0lkchild might be a townie (and I could totally be wrong), but you're right, find a townie!"
Maybe.
"True, this sub has been becoming increasingly immature and ""tumblr-y"""
"""Free Speech Zones"""
No prob!
GBA installs to SD.
Chinese poker is largely solved yet people still play that online
"Is that Silicon Valley the TV show or The Valley, the amateur film made by a young Peter Jackson?"
It's 14 in one city in 3 months
calling a pile of shit something else doesn't change the fact that it is a pile of shit.
I guess I do have a cognitive bias when it comes to politics.
"Not only that, I think any police calls to his residence will take a bit longer to respond to."
"No dude if its a word in the dictionary it means that its a rare name, which of course makes the person better than everyone else"
It's some magical form of money like GAM where we can buy down players contracts to below DP level to free up a DP spot
Why did you make an account 4 months ago and only comment on one sub?
I have had a C70 for 2+ years now and have never once though of doing that.
You could also play Talon and I find Katarina works well against her too
"It's like this in Panama too.. Colombian and Venezuelan prostitutes with fake asses galore.. however they are usually tested (in the actual brothels), and are gorgeous."
The only limit is 1000 gamer score.
#neverforgetcharizard
"Yeah man, fighter jets."
I can can guarantee that was because of general mishandling instead of these useless things.
And this is why I am pro-capitol punishment (I'm pro-abortion too).
#SAVEGOATBOY'SEAR2016
"Seriously, they seem to be allergic to any and all things fun."
ECH
Tribal council is going to be awesome...
Or we can admit we won the popular vote and realize the system really is rigged.
Wait how does a .50 cal bullet automatically relate to war
It gets said I just wanted it to be said exactly like Mike Jones used to say his own number
"It looks like you're making yer own point there matey, do ya want the floor for yourself to make a big rant about how the the alphabet IRA's have, since 1998, killed as many people as NATO forces did in Iraq?"
it's impossible to understand from our 3D perspective
"and Jesse Jackson, and OJ, and Rush."
My lies are better than your lies so i win.
Can't stump the Trump
"Sounds like that Doctor Who episode with the Krillatanes, however you spell that."
The Afghani and Pakistani Taliban(TTP) are 2 separate organizations.
....this is litteraly the point in his latest video
I'm paying for everything it includes.
"Damn, and I was about to brag about my 246 with Niflgaard"
We won 5-2 and got free chili!
I suppose 2am is as good of time as any for breakfast.
So then they get that comment karma too
Woah there Guy Fuhreri
"I don't know why you're being downvoted, you're right that what he's doing now ain't that grwat"
"""he chose to live as a man so that he might be accepted as a university student and able to pursue a career as a surgeon"" He wasn't intersex, calm yo tumblr tits."
Unjust laws need to be broken.
"That's not free, you twit"
From Montana I assume?
Too late.
Just look at the comment/upvote ratio.
You must be behind in the times.
"Pretty sure I've heard Sky gets packed the night of Christmas, never been though."
"Probably a self-proclaimed [armchair] 'expert' who is a major in Religious Sciences but is a neckbeard stroking, fedora tipping lowlife shit in actuality."
-1001 win streak and 1001 hours
Price to performance wise they blow Alienware out of the water.
Such a victim complex
It's almost like Necro compliments other classes instead of being superpowered.
"One thing about WoW streams is that it seems like they are a bit more relaxed and there is more downtime, so Chance watches videos and opens pictures or responds to chat/donations more which can be fun."
"The yearbook from 16 years ago would be the most likely place to find confirmation of a JV team; that is the yearbook being referred to, not a current one, in case that is what you thought."
"At the same time, many Browns fans know that they're better off keeping him than almost certainly squandering those picks, as is tradition in Cleveland."
Thanks Hombre
"It's like saying 'if gennady golovkin beats this high schooler without using his right arm, that will make him the greatest fighter of all time'"
"We must not be watching the same Ed Show... because all I see is him rightly calling into question the random theory of Zimmerman's ""friend"" that he said ""goon"" instead of ""coon"" and the desire of many people to blame the unarmed kid that died for his own death..."
"Meanwhile, sHillary's still on the loose."
Good argument.
I mean it's a bad game but I've been incredibly entertained
"My question is, why did they leave out a huge plot point that makes much more sense than just offering Dany 1000 ships?"
"So, what's a dildo do?"
But how?
Bard!
About the same effort is put into the action vs the script for both.
Tampons and pads as well.
\#notallvaginas
Wow you really ARE a shit enthusiast!
It takes a bit to get used to just remeber there was no malicious intent behind it.
Don't forget that they fucking killed Data.
Are they the ones with Kevin Durant?
"My parents answering a question and when I asked them how they knew it they said ""Cause I know EVERYTHING"" ... I'm 17 and now IM the one teaching them most of the facts they know haha"
payday 2 of course
"They shouldn't have too, they already live there."
We did it reddit!
"""...for someone to see that cute ANIMAL named..."""
Nope.
Honestly I have not seen a gold farmer message or gotten a tell in EQ since I came back last year...
Alabama does
Dignitas vs Spirit - Spirit EnVyUs vs Immortals - EnVyUs FaZe Clan vs Cloud9 - C9 :( CLG vs Vega Squadron - Vega NIP vs Renegades - Renegades OpTic Gaming vs Tyloo - Tyloo Mouzsports vs HellRaisers - HR G2 vs GODSENT - Homesent
"My day is quite similar to yours, although you missed: 11:00 - 11:30 - Cry, because deep down you are not the person you portray"
CHICKEN WING
I play video games because real life is boring.
Who is this?
You mean in the circle cutout?
Unfortunately lil Wayne has lost his edge and isn't as good as he was before he got off his lil red cup.
"You know, it's really creepy how you follow around Netscape and just repeat the same thing over and over."
Full zerk loot stick guard is what myself and my guildies did.
thy wish hath been granted
*turd polishing*
but... I don't have any friends ;-; funny video.
"He must be younger than 34 or older than 44, otherwise you can probably go either way with his age."
Who's the daddy?
Let's just hope they smash the state this time instead of joining it.
"Same, over 30 million received from hackers and even random money bags, not a single ban or interaction with Rockstar"
I'm glad I'm not the only one.
"Ah yes, which gives you even more credibility!"
Shouldn't cheat on a qualifier and ruin a legit team's chance at making the major
Is this what they talk about on ted nowadays?
"""Fuck my shit up fam"""
"At $150 per kWh, a shit load, California, Australia, Hawaii combined would be enough for half of the GF output."
Patty Mills would be a sweet backup PG .
same
"State atheism isnt what I support, rather that the vectors which perpetuate religion should be understood and then hopefully they would become less virulent."
awesome giveaway
"""they must be on taller than this """
"I dont notice much delay in either tbh, maybe you should try again when dota2 gets launched officially :)"
Good thing you waited to wash up until after you informed reddit.
This all just a ploy to distract us from the real controversy: Jakie boy is intolerant to wheat.
"Well, there are still people alive who experienced hyper inflation."
Go to your room!
Did you read?
This needs to make it to the top of r/all so the afterberners see it
"Yeah, but in our ""Bible Belt"" the people don't try to lynch you for writing ""man love rules ok"" on your truck."
I'm not keen on Boucher because of how he left Tampa (and got fired from the team he was coaching in Europe this season)
Ha!
Make it a sob story if its true
Looks like he got a whole mouthful of treble
"Ur one of the best players on all servers and the dias hoh was one of the hardest, so i don't expect light one to be easy either"
Sarah is a pretty cool girl
"I'm expecting it to be BIG, but I don't think think it'll Ben teased for a while."
Isn't that what they'd want you to think
"If a system needs to ""try and be explained"" then it's already failing"
lol that's why I buy effects...for the discussions!
Looks like they got it
"Careless Whisper, the Jazz part."
Can you say why he was killed?
Honestly the lvl 9s don't bother me too much but I recently tried to work on using less trees as the villager and I consistently get rekt
Just be laid back.
"""We've upgraded the security system, not to prevent break-*ins* you understand..."""
"Fair enough... If you think eating a chili dog, and a soda, or having hash browns for breakfast is ""setting her up for some seriously unhealthy habits down the road"" then I think we just have to agree to disagree... Also, it seems like thanksgiving at your house would be depressing."
"I think I get it... I buy something, and then I hope that I can pay for it, right?"
Shots fired
"it's ok, heroes can't do everything in life"
Wes Anderson would have had the feather land directly center.
Excellent!
I figured the same thing.
I made a separate reply
Damn right.
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com)?
This is not a museum and I'd be surprised if it qualified for your internship.
Usually part of the barrel.
Still a leg up on Anakin.
"They're talking about Keystone XL, which is neither built nor in operation."
meanwhile im on the phone to DHL hoping to convince them for one more chance at delivery before they send my gfs christmas present back to the manufacturer after I waited 6 weeks for delivery
Just like me.
Am now put off ever using airbnb as a single female traveller...
"I bet OP has dial up internet, that would explain how this is breaking news to him."
Don't play with my hopes and dreams!
Koosta is the NA hope
Dangermuffin.
"I understand this, but what SHOULD somebody do?"
Obviously in the tiny offshoot one it happens to include the topic of.
Welcome to Reddit.
"Spring, SpringWeb, something like that."
I have an electric skillet OP can have although it may cost more to ship it than it's worth.
and they be getting down with no delay
Clinton's entire campaign is attack ads so don't hold your breath.
"thanks guy final question, morris or west in the flex?"
Federal funds for the bill would be sourced from a new tax that Sanders referred to as a Wall Street speculation fee to be imposed on Wall Street investment firms and hedge funds.
Child protective services.
Basically yes.
That happened.
"Lol, $1 million is peanuts"
I can't wait for **Pizzagate** to come out
"Oh, if you don't need a port in the cap, there's always this.. BioLogic Reecharge Dynamo Kit Amazon carries that for about $30 with shipping."
Is it alright for me to post my 18yo gf here?
@mijaprk is good for palewave fits
Short Hair + Big Boobs = Perfect Combination
High stick to the face early in the first period
Just for one game until they get embarrassed again.
Where were YOU when giancarlo came back to life and started stroking massive dongs again
dude you were featured on bad history
"As a necron, get off my tomb world."
Which country is this?
"Yeah, but you know, if the Govt really wants to bury her, as she rightfully should be, they could just strangle the funding she receives."
what is your region?
"Andrei, you've lost another submarine?"
"I'd be hard to have fidelity in the hair and keep the rest of the game working well on the diverse GPU,CPU platforms this has to run on."
"If you endorse someone who stands for everything you are against, and use that endorsement to try to get them elected, how is that not betraying your ideals?"
"He can only tie her this season by making it to day 99 (last day, final 3)."
Actually London is ;)
This is in reference to the poem theory.
That this is completely legit is the reason you know politicians are bribed up the wazoo.
A 4k gold lead is not that huge
Goodell.
Because they might reject Trump's agenda too?
'twas a joke but fine whatever piss on my parade you no good parade pisser
your flair is amazing &lt;3
"Yeah, but sometimes that weird kid keeps trying to show you his dick and implying he's a great guy if you gave him a shot."
Gany's Nether.
"Why not, PERL is still a thing too."
NY or SFO or PDX
Yeah local supplier which was the route I should have gone in the first place and I just badmouth their site as much as possible now in hopes nobody else will end up with mismatched shoes!
"In Australia we say ""Christ on a cracker""."
Complain complain complain.
Looks like I need to stop by out of the loop.
"I love this comment because when I first heard ""little lion man"" in 2010 I said ""British Avett Brothers"" to describe them to a friend."
The Benifits of that is nothing compared to the Benifits to them of unlimited cheap labour and the ability to lobby a single government instead of 28 individual ones.
Always the FreedomCase to improve the kickstand options :)
SHAME
"Well Alaska and Bianca were the worst performers in their respective music videos, should they have gone home?"
"I mean the ""G"" is backwards and there is only one ""L"" but I see it now."
hnnnnnnnng
Except even that's still borken
"Unless the website they're purchasing from shares that information, more than likely not."
"Not furries, musclebeasts."
"Good, just don't use BMI"
When we became the 76ers.
"Solo MM, Various Electronica tracks, Team MM is always my mellow list like Grateful Dead, The Band, Warren Zevon, etc."
Depends what you want to use it for.
That will just look like a *slightly* less creepier version of the KKK
Religion is just a backstop for his immense ego.
I think Rand Paul would compete for that title..
"Gotcha, maybe I'll try to get a few."
"""If I close my eyes, shake my head, and scream 'Brietbart' loud enough I don't have to listen to the overwhelming historical and polling data that shows that America's most annoying racist has already lost the election for himself."""
it's not proof but it's suspicious as fuck
Cutting down .223 for 300BLK.
Just about any martial arts class will tell you that the best self-defense is to avoid a fight at all costs.
"Post removed, read the rules."
"I think he's actually like DONE, he said at the beginning of the season he was willing to put in one more year to see if things would work out for him."
I thought they were for training up to fight majin buu
My $6 bid was a little short
"The exact opposite really, Iraq is a fake country after all."
You realize the percentage of pledged delegates bernie for majority needs keeps going up?
leinaDcM ygrenE naujaD m'I
"It does seem they're more likely to nominate pokemon if they're favorited, so that's something."
"It's not showing acceleration or anything, it's just the count up for novel reasons."
$100% true
Too bad Serbia no into football Too busy remove kebab...
Lyrical genius.
No you could burn the whole house down.
is 54.58% farm factor bad?
They have unique interpretations for every other phrase and word... I guess you just found another one !
n0ice
"I'm sure the technology is there, there are eye glasses that protect from lasers"
"So if I don't have a sports pass, I can use a friends if I have my student id and his pass?"
Or just fuse it all together into Webcomic: the Webcomic.
My rifles except my hunting 22 are scopeless because I was desperate for cash.
What the actual fuck.
What women do when they find out you've been cheating.
"especially because new profiles get shown to people a lot more than old profiles, so there'd be a much higher chance of him seeing her first."
You way of thinking is really strange... stattrak counts =/= applied stickers.
Random question but what is the story of how Will got on the show?
ok
And the USMC hasn't lit the mob up like a fucking Christmas tree why?
For Maine it is playing on Fox 22 (channel 4 for the Bangor Time Warner cable set).
"You do know you can have a competent, strong, effective leader who isn't rotten and corrupt to the core right?"
54321.321ljlkjhgb
This generation's Blade Runner will be Blade Runner 2049.
"Yeah, I didn't realize telling the truth is apparently a dick move."
"Amazing work men, any time i see this type of buildings i think ""I should definitely do something like that"" but i end just farming and building cellar rooms for the npcs"
"If you don't know how to code, how do you even know your ETH are a good investment?"
It's ok to say shit on the internet
"He's been sublime so far, really surprised me.."
That dude puts the gay in Gaelen.
"Yeah; if they were more human you could shove them into Targon somehow or do a Demacian/Noxian split with Morgana ""going to the dark side"" but I don't think that'd work too well; the two of them dont need to necessarily stay as from an alternate dimension but at least from a weird inhuman race (Runeterran angels with Morgana corrupted by SOMETHING)"
I still do this.
Just Dreamhack friendo.
Eyes not trippy enough.
"You don't buy voice packs for specific skins.. You buy the vp for a specific god, and sub sequentially get the vp for all of that god's skins."
In any of the several uppers without a FA?
"Ay bby grl, u wnt sum fuk 2nite?"
"360.4, don't forget the leap year."
You look like your chromosomes are more fucked up than your teeth.
Also has to do with Achilles tendon length
"I always get the one that has more red, which is strange cause I always get the water starter."
"0 assists.. Is just EPL games, right?"
Why would they have to recognize the European Colonialists that treat them like animals and used terrorism against civilians and the British to take over the land?
"Not because FedEx doesn't have your email address, and even if they did they wouldn't have a way to cross-reference it with your street address, and even if they did all that they would give you a tracking number?"
Thats how open world is supposed to work....
Euphoric
I agree 100%
Danger Zaone!
Bravo.
that's what the offseason is for
No m9 phase 1?
Fair point.
Then you fuck the fish?
There was an instance of that in Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicle.
"Doesn't really sound like a wise idea to me, but... best of luck to you."
Schrodinger's pyroar
"Bro has like 5 times the staying power I do, if she looked at my dick I'd probably spray her and any passersby."
"yeah, not sure how widely it is available, definitely in oz, so good luck!"
Kya aapke sone mei chyawanprash hai?
she's just horsing around
"Na na na na na na, na na na na na na STREET MAN!"
"The label Middle East is widely used, it will stick for the foreseeable future"
That wouldn't increase the amount of space if he put them in raid 0.
CSGO'd
I can't like this video enough.
"It's for things that make you go ""aww"" this definitely made me go ""aww"" so I don't see the problem."
Reddit: where the invisible hand of the free market gropes strangers.
"You are so brave, I'm in awe."
Wait the monitor isn't DVI?
way late
How many hours a week do you work?
Is this like a little gift package to season ticket holders?
butt stuff?
"Yep, that's him."
"Alas, alas."
My 3 plays Det -7.5 Min -3.5 Philly +3
"Oh my god.....I have to wonder, did he come up with this utterly stupid idea himself, or even worse, did he hear it from someone else, and copied it?"
Wait...there is a challenge?
How to farm karma from this post: Comment your relief that he ran over a pine tree and not a baby.
"Thankfully, I don't recognize much of the usernames from the thoughtful posts I read."
That was pretty good
Here's for hoping for a $50/mo unlimited plan with WiFi calling.
He cant one shot the enemy AP mid with his ult anymore since they nerf'd his ult :)
"This particular event gives an item, so I wouldn't skip it if I were you."
How do they keep coming up with new stuff?
"If you want to screw around with someone, you want to pick someone as stable as this one?"
...and they're all made out if ticky-tacky and they all look the same.
Don't worry: I don't.
"We had a LS that looks like a GS (tenebra), now we have a GS that looks like a LS.."
I appreciate that Bernie Sanders is willing to extend a hand across the Nigh Unpassable Chasm (it's hardly an aisle).
Oregon.
LOL I like some country too... I just think its pretty cheesy for a goal song...
Such truth.
"As an architecture student, those mechanical drawings are fascinating."
BAEWARD IS BAE
Girls never get enough credit!
"I'm kinda burnt out as well as mad, I had to pirate a PC version when my PS4 version locked for no reason..."
And yeezy's aren't at this point?
Jaaaa TUDelft
I just hope this wasn't in a public school.
The Strv m/38 light
A lot of Eagle fans were sad when Trent was cut as our 3rd string qb
"So they're giving random guys their address and saying ""buy me pizza"" and getting free pizza from random Tinder strangers, and they think this is a good idea...?"
"idk OP said ""after event"" so I assumed it's over."
What does known hood mean?
"or ""Cavs fans still in denial"""
"Beloved cat, homosexual male concubine, they are both the same, right?"
An NSFW tag would be great
Fuck.
looks like Gronk may not be playing :( it sucks that the Pats have been hit with so many injuries in the last 4 weeks
What he said!
does mega give a shit about DMCA requests?
Don't forget how hyphy everyone will be getting as they ghost ride the whip
Join a clan
"Woah I love the classic stuff, haven't seen this one in a minute"
Edgy as fuck.
nice.
"Soft, yet hard."
"Dude, you're barely breaching the cusp of the large vat that is Korean food if your first thought is Kimbap!"
You're wrong
"This team, shoot me"
WOW those are some high percentages.
That's a bit extreme.
"No, it's about 80 bucks, just like the OP's thingie."
TL:DR
"Would go to Japan and the UK before that, but Israel is in my top ten."
"Just go outside in future, you should have been doing that in the first place."
YOUR ERA IS AT AN END MOTHERFUCKER.
"avondrood in dutch, which apparently is also an english word considering spellcheck didn't come on"
Why are his knees bandaged already?
Your offense doesn't get rolling until the defense is playing prevent
"I dont know, apple pie?"
The salt level is so high here my eyes are burning just from looking at the screen.
"Lol, somebodies"
bag-els.
no?
oh one of the 12 fans of paladins got mad
Just like OP's mom.
"But, he has a girlfriend"
At least you don't have to mail them like in the GC version :p
It's hard to see what's negative about it when you're a Kanye Stan.
it has always been a rectangle
Play Verdun
Jail is almost worth not giving up net worth.
It is on the Durban map.
"My tinfoil theory as to why we've tried so many fade routes in the endzone/had some questionable redzone playcalling is that when they sit down with Kirk, they want some negative film on him to say he's really not worth top-flight money: ""you can't hit your target in the endzone reliably, so you're really not that hot, and we could replace you with Jay Cutler and get the same results."""
That's not the purpose.
"Plot twist: Icefrog is jakiro, where Wyk and Bruno just called themselves Icefrog to throw people off."
Its these little obscure references that make me giggle.
There it is.. That 25 second memorized speech.
"We had that evidence for quite some time, this recent thing though just cements even more how he has no leak in CIG, and is largely talking out of his ass, or just repeating what goons say to him."
Can you make this meme any bigger?
"man it actually sucks a giant dick when you get a nap attack, because it's like just sudden an violent urge to just go the fuck to sleep, not necessarily doing it, but wanting to do it then you can't sleep at night and you get fucking like fucking hot flashes and restless leg when you lie down to finally fucking GO to sleep it's so much bullshit"
Alabama won their conference Ohio State didn't MOVING ON
"Yes, well the world is interested in crazy people."
But he could have been
God fucking damn it
Should have gone for a slam dunk!
new wallpaper
"This article is about how many immigrants Europe can handle, if you don't give a shit that Europe is already handling way more immigrants than America given that the EU economy is a similar size then you don't need to comment here."
"I've never said that they're lying, I'd just love to see what this bloke was trying to do"
"Not in Bangalore, I think."
"Wow, I didn't see that... so this is what, a fanboy murder weapon?"
Sounds like a solid diet.
my finger slipped deal with it
Stop!
"Except that the points you made didn't really chime with anything at all in the documentary and instead seemed to be about your personal agenda, which a) doesn't interest me and b) isn't that relevant."
Or stabbed with a shoe!
i bought a new pair of jorts to celebrate
"Very well, directing downvotes to you instead"
"Don't worry, you'll be 750/750 by the time worlds is done with"
I would **** his **** in ******** **** from **** at **** on a bus.
Thankfully it's mostly bars and offices that directly surround US Bank Stadium
If you actually watch him all game he has plenty of good plays which is why I am not concerned about him.
"Nice station but holy fuck i hate that fishtank stand.. Heavy, bulky and shittily made over her in the US....-_- (I had to move one myself in a condo..."
Pretty much.
thats because hapis is not procedurally generated and has been optimized
WatchU talkin bout*
I don't believe they said you can't 'squad up' with friends before joinging a game......
I wish they did deals at guaranteed rates
"The political class wants to keep their gridlock on power... the spice, I mean pork, must flow!"
I think he means that you seem to use this account often (not a throw-away) so IP history is easier for authorities to track.
"That's why i always have some heavy ammo synths on hands.. (Especially when we had the gally..) But true, can't blame anyone."
All depends in the booze being served.
"Viewcrest is it I think, it's a good way to go as an alternative."
Put on your robe and wizard hat.
"But... if everything is locked, how do you save your merchandise in case of fire?"
"shroud goes to a club with a couple of teams, VP guys feed him alcohol, n0thing loses sight of shroud, c9 team go looking for him, finds him in a police station in the morning"
I got excited when I saw mac and cheese didnt see the cauliflower...
"He does not have the track record of eluding prosecution for wrong doings, which is hands down the most impressive accomplishment Hillary Clinton has in her repertoire."
I use herrings to cut down my trees.
This is racist
*free with Green or Gold in USA/Canada
Sorry!
movie when?
"I have signed cards from the CCG from several cast members (Boxleitner, Wasser, Tallman, Koenig)"
K.
Came here looking for ONE comment that will make me believe that it was fake with no luck.
i hope i get it too :)
Hangnails
What does that do?
Agreed.
And buying chocolate right before Easter seems like the worst possible time.
"""Inconceivable!"""
"Haha me too, but if you're one of those people with farm accounts... Cha-ching!"
The Mexican part.
"I'd worry about his promises to deport all illegal immigrants, because he might actually be able to do that and that would ruin the country's economy (doesn't matter what you think of illegal immigrants, suddenly removing 10+ million people from the US economy would cause significant damage)."
The only possible situation where Batman doesn't have a contingency plan is one where he is not Batman and therefore the question is irrelevant.
"This is actually embarassing to read, you sound like the Manchild here OP."
When will white folks learn that blackface is NEVER acceptable?
Why though
Shut the fuck up is a bit harsh but it doesn't make sense as a ninja request nor does it make sense in the context of the poll.
Whatever it takes
The title makes him sound like a wizard.
"I'm not sure how a 'smart gun' will reduce gun related suicide, which accounts for nearly two thirds of their 33k figure."
no i didn't tell me moar
"Not op comment, but I'm a huge fan of original gold and heart gold."
Penn's daughter is named Moxie Crimefighter.
"Eh, could be worse, could be better."
like rex navarrete?
Gotta use pickle juice to heal that.
"From what I understand, Nukes aren't even qualified unless they're attached to NNPTC or Prototype as staff or students."
"I still call the Rite Aid in my home town ""Genovese""."
"yea, its lucy, and you would be kidding me if he comes close to a skill parity even to the likes of yourself as well"
"In other news, water is wet."
YOU DON'T DESERVE IT
Cashback
Wut?
You can disable that in the settings but looks like the would of not served ur purpose anyway as it is a Get Things Done application.
"Add an ""anarcho"" prefix, and that describes me as well."
Nice
Nice.
I can honestly see this happening and not being shocked about it at all.
"Everyone welcome here, regardless of gender Gender: [ ] Male [ ] Female [X] American"
There was a good amount of variety in the older games too.
[Deleted]
Ohhhh you're a troll my bad :)
"Get Spybot's Anti-beacon 1.2 for Win 10(7 and 8, 8.1 too) and you can stop all of the telemetry from being sent to MS."
Lol maybe lonely old men but most people don't really pay attention to them at games.
"he's referring to the cat's eye ""aperture"""
Didn't you win that VJ contest on Total Request Live?
It's making me think of the human centipede for some reason.
It's now full of people with go pro's and those extendable poles as well.
Anybody on Fox News
I still like him.
Because in practice that's exactly what it means.
jesus
"Favorite one yet, assuming the centerpiece is original artwork which is just perfect."
"Send an opened coke, that will rile them up."
Why would you believe them on climate change since they are usually wrong or lying on everything else?
Maybe because it's easier to discern 10 individuals cards that's move and highlight when you mouse over them than it is to discern 10 identical card backs?
You should play Wonderful 101
Shh... Come to the other side..
"Juvenile American Robin, aka cat food."
"Lose 1 Turn has had a reprint before it's Mega Tin run (if there will be one), similarly receiving an erratum."
$10.92 
god DUDE... WHAT A FUCKI-SDOPSCBLBF-
Thank you for politely trying to convert me!
"I, for one, welcome this purge."
"Just claiming something simply ""is"" is not an argument."
I have your Mudkip ready and I'm breeding your Joltik now.
Wax pen FTW
They are like the X-Men that way.
Fittingly bland
Yes
"Why don't you just try not being ""that guy"" with a smug look on his face and an alaract number on the tip of his tongue and just do what you know you should, technicalities be damned?"
"I'm not sure if you have any Trader Joe's stores near where you live, but if you do, their Bold &amp; Smoky Kansas City Style Barbecue Sauce is delicious."
tl;dr: Jacob M and Austin know each and skate together all the time.
"Dude, you are trying way, way too hard."
ya seriously... fuck that little girl.
Time to play carrot jenga!
Downvoted cause title.
[](/allthescrunch)Never enough ponies!
"If you never played older fallouts then yes, no."
"I don't remember too well, and I'm not sure how far you've got through the campaign so I don't want to spoil anything, but I think it was down to Pagan."
You seem like you aren't quite that smart.
Found out I'm actually 6'1'' when for the last 12 years I thought I was 5'11 and 1/2....guess I grew a bit
"fix ya hair, 6/10"
Some of these are freakier than the movie.
Are we a little hungry because you been trolling a lot today.
I'm gonna go out on a limb and think he Forgot the Damn Acronym for a second and meant DEA.
Didn't play the right video for me.
"Because they don't make the power supplies, seasonic does."
Sleep tight tucker
"nah, they straight told me it was unlimited and there is no limit listed on my account."
Funny how quickly they become skeptics when something challenges their dogma...
"It's not about gender, it's about a relationship between everyone."
"Man, I can see why we're going to be running a deficit, we spend so much money on ""Walkley Road"" signs!"
"The winky face does it for me, I can't stop laughing."
"Just because she wants to start a ""new life"" does not give her carte Blanche or absolve her of all previous ""sins"" if that's what she wants to call it."
"When I come home it is exactly how I left it, tidy and peaceful, I like and need quiet time I was an only child, latch key kid lived in my own mind as the reality of my situation was difficult to say the least, I need calmness in my home life and children would ruin it all."
"95% of retarded salty comments on reddit come from PL, I wonder why."
64 layers; double what it was in previous games.
Would be unexpected and awesome
Thats my fetish
Go to meetings
"I don't blame him, it's impossible to book uber during the rush hour."
Superdad~~ supertata
But I am le tired.
awesome but I hope she can afford the insurance and registration and the Gas.
"Just wanted to thank everyone for their replies, they helped me today."
Man if Patterson gets his routes down and develops chemistry with Teddy...
"""The Monty Python star is now happily married to his fourth wife..."" What a schmuck."
"Just cutting out the middle man, buzzfeed"
"I wish I could use the snapshots, I simply cannot play minecraft without optifine."
My cultural dick is so huge I will club you to death with it.
"At the rate in which he writes it, I think GRRM dreads the pages in that book too."
"Yeah, he published a book about a school shooting called Rage and ended up asking for it to be taken out of print later."
"The PRC is about as ""communist"" as the DPRK are ""democratic""."
Sit around over wine and talk about their oppression.
She is too perfect.
Ocarina Princess H3
#nodaysoff
Maniac gets signed to G.O.O.D music and starts making beats with Mike Dean
What's an MSR?
What's DDF I don't see any vendors matching that acronym in the list.
"Yes, we should have some type of reverse affirmative action where we force random wealthy white people to live in poor black neighborhoods so they can be mugged by the community to improve the local economy."
"You can also substitute one of the three whiskeys for Captain Morgan, but be warned, he hates Mexicans..."
And why the hell would rigged machines *show* what they do?
Gotta get that filibustering practice in for when they get that House seat.
"I really hate the popular conception of presidential powers, it's incredibly frustrating."
How does one mush a dog in a warm place like San Diego?
We're witnessing the fall of Rome.
I want this to happen so bad.
Clones...
Pretty... good?
needing more boxing glove arrow
Hyperbole
"Not so much a light damage comment, but there's nothing quite like getting your elevator shot off in a Halifax and your plane suddenly pulling up harder then if you had an elevator (no idea how the wings can survive it)."
Great troll 10/10
It's so fucking baffling.
This is nothing to do with why the public sector costs so much.
Exactly what is being solved by today's nonviolence?
Your cat is awesomely cute.
"Well, until it crashes"
"The SUR kitchen staff need to be in the little corner of the TV, throwing shade at what is transpiring."
Sergeant Johnson uses a railgun sniper rifle in the beginning of Contact Harvest to pierce through walls and hit a target a long ways away.
Needs banana for scale.
There's a good chance he's just read this on a conversation elsewhere on social media (tumblr/fb most likely) while looking back at missed opportunities...
Yes
lol
"Oh that will be great, we will be happy to meet the leader of the Guava Party and discuss improving the relationship between our nations"
I definitely would.
At least I didn't blame you.
Metroid worked pretty well when I put it on a GBA emulator on my iPod.
At least 2 of those goals were pretty soft.
A fair number of us are looking forward to the game and don't want it to be crap.
"by God, I swear I saw syanda in-game once, and the whole game I was thinking of syraku... ...dammit."
gotta have that family guy board game.
"Bale played really well last year and was vital to their success, not sure how that's a non-football related move in the least."
"Half of the MOVs have IS, so I'd be happy if they gave him that one"
Most of its non-rare drops + draconic visage were made free to play to sell (but not use) when it was made f2p.
u wot m8
What fetishes do you think the people of AH have?
I can see how that could get awkward
"Pointing East, straight at Old Port."
I hope your husband stops beating you so you can complete your sentence
"...yes, and if you don't know the social and economical differences between European/Australian Muslims and American ones, I'd recommend you read up on the topic."
"But Seasonic is notorious for its reliability, more then any other brand i know."
"IIRC more of a loophole in classifying goods vs services than an actual exemption, but more or less the idea of the law."
Interestingly: this sentence is longer than most false rape accusers ever face.
The boys' lips looks like a pumped vagina.
"Obama again, hes just a cool president, and he did a good job"
"I can see the actual tip deforming slightly, but it's subtle enough that it's just as likely a video artifact."
"That's the thing, it's a very complex issue, and boiling down happiness to geography/religion is *at best* meaningless."
Basically every final boss theme from Kirby.
"I've decided to stop putting up with them, mostly."
Red bell pepper and broccoli would make that look amazing
Reddit loves the SR-71 hahaha I still don't understand the physics of what's happening from the video - can someone ELI5 please?
KODOS WINS THE ELECTION!
Fodder Cutter
"Naar een festival, Schijt aan de Grens (nog nooit van gehoord), 's avonds uit eten in Utrecht en de stad samen verkennen (ik doe graag iets 'simpels' op eerste dates)."
"I'll google around for it, thanks."
gross lol
"Yeah, I think everyone is being a bit harsh..."
MAMA SITA!
His CAC then.
It took me until reading this comment...
How much can you pay?
Waiting for GTA frenzy to die down?
No regrets
I think it will take somewhere between 2 races and 35 years.
Pants that look good leave no room for this.
Probably a dispensary
"Honestly, this makes the finger poke of doom look better."
sure
I think someone found there most adiment admirer.
Post FX settings changed a while ago too :\
I was a bit intimidated by rainmeter at first but it turned out to be very simple.
Just like every Mcree player..
Ik heb geen zus.
"r/nba doesn't even give a fuck about Wall in general, doubt they would care about this."
Or don't delay it and release it like shit yeah good idea!
I just died a little inside.
In the settings you can pick the quality of streaming and downloaded music.
There was work the next day.
Mike Evans
"Sorry, you're right Italy was for Iranian diplomats."
This
"I'm sorry, but if it were my girlfriend, and she didn't want some douche TSA worker seeing her naked body, I wouldn't want him seeing it either."
Get a job?
Maybe the same outcry that happened with Cernovich's business info was posted in an article?
As in he sucks on the field or more like he has a bad influence in the locker room?
is Marseille the Arsenal of Ligue 1?
"no I'd rather have him in, I mean he definitely needs to play better and with more energy, but it's not like he's the exact and only reason we're sucking right now"
What time do you usually play?
Carlton... You missed again!
"Wait, really?"
Maybe if you took off your fedora she would get you out of the friendzone
Democracy didn't start this The Fire was started by anarchy and Democracy should be used as a tool by anarchy to find the truth
"Greninja can't catch a break lol first he gets nerfed by Sakurai, and then loses to Charizard X"
16th
Your just a cheap pillock ripoff
Have you seen his username?
it fooking better be a bowl of some kind.
"I have a teacher like that, only it's an art class."
Definitely NSFW
"I hate it for the most part, but I think it makes a very small number of songs sound better."
"sorry, I had a roommate who would take scalding hot showers to relax her muscles but then she'd complain about dry skin lmao"
"That's ""new"" and was introduced during the patch that removed heroics from copies."
but it's not rape because shut up
There's tons of proof you waste of spunk.
Jebs law disproven?
Sanders should replace her as DNC chair.
This submission would be a lot better fit for r/mildlyinteresting.
You could probably argue parody.
I remember when it was $11 per bitcoin I feel like an idiot.
Why?
I'm standing beside myself.
Squatty Potty
"The ""name"""
Jamaal Charles for $31
A pimple?
You can't expect reasonable behavior and logic online
What happened?
Can anyone lighten me up with the difference between verbal abuse and offensive language?
Me too bro.
"Why are you giving ""food"" and ""landscape"" in the same category... landscape photography is definitely the most artistic and the hardest to do... on the other hand anyone can do portraits..."
I see what you did there.
"I'm used to it haha, usually it's around 30ish fps."
"alright, I want all the 100 percenters to meet down at Zucoti park, we're gonna protest anything and everything"
Thanks for the reply!
Let's also consider that with the flow of sick people in and out of doctor's offices meas they don't have the cleanest of surfaces aside from where the doctors actually work.
"looks like everyone is playing nice here... this is one of those issues where it's fair to say ALL of us don't approve... regardless of political ideology, so if we're all on the same side, what can we actually do?"
"i don't get it, unless you are blind or are Zac Stacy"
"Yeah, megathreads are the worst."
"What he is saying is that an Athiti devo bhava campaign followed by an Athiti sewa tax won't solve the problem, because if we go by the pattern that's what Mudiji would most likely do."
Valentines Day D:
Cursed eye is decent for clearing out rooms of normal enemies but the teleport is the worst in longer bossfights like the hush/ultra greed
*fetuses
"also, the OTHER animated Titanic Movie."
"Seriously, PRich looked pedestrian..."
"When the music hits you, you feel no pain."
"Hey England, how was the world cup 2014?"
I'll take ur shit
Can't tell if stupid...?
Not sure if this is what you mean but ZF+Choice implies the existence of nonmeasurable sets of reals while ZF+Determinacy implies that all subsets of R are measurable.
"This was taken from just under 30 stories, so Pearl (if you had access to the Penthouse) would only add another 5-6 stories."
"I just Googled ibuprofen 1000pks, apparently it's really a thing."
Fourth person to stand up clapping; likely the one who starts the cheering.
S
you're fucking dogshit low elo get on ur feet bronze trash
When he is getting a blow job.
Wen schert's.
Batteries happen to be the bottleneck for renewable energy sources as well.
"I thought it said pennies and thought ""neither of these will be that bad"""
Not quite as fun as tactics though
Find what?
Why does it need to be killed?
\o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/
Hes gonna pop a blood vessel
Precisely!
I can't wait in 50 years when someone posts pictures of DEA agents standing besides piles of confiscated marijuana and our grand kids laugh at how stupid and ignorant they were.
ER MAH GEHRD AMTHYTS!
"skipped, please read rules until the end!"
Only on the Reddit can you find intellectual humor like this :D
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK KEVIIIIIIN DURAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANT
"That dress is so beautiful, he looks amazing."
and invasions should let you fall from the damn sky (use red eye ring for max awesomeness)
That lance is dope af.
"They may have won the battle, but they got slaughtered."
Lenovo Y510p SLI version :P
Yeah of course I pass safely but I want to get people to learn that they can't walk there (preferably without them thinking I'm an asshole).
Pretty soon this will have to be come an subreddit based subreddit based subreddit thankes to a based subreddit.
"I say this in the kindest terms possible; If you want to close your account based on something that childish, you're a fucking idiot"
Hahahaha I can't argue with that.
Anyone else seeing full price on almost all of them?
Whites vs blacks.
"I dunno what you're talking about, my Ascension is swag af"
Why don't you just play music over Bluetooth
Yep i have a horrible feeling hes going to be running the show at Chelsea for the foreseeable future :(
It's the tea they're probably worried about.
That in fact I am the only person in the world and everyone else is a fabrication of my imagination making the entire planet a fictional dream.
Keep in mind the feminists most likely to embrace these trends are the ones who should be putting more clothes on.
"I met her when young she was exceptional then, wonderful."
# INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR MEANINGFUL ANSWER
Fallout NV made you **respect** the wilderness.
Aaaaand they've JUST quit making videos (2 hours ago)
TRIGGERED.
u in australia?
Yep Views is the best album of the year then for sure
launched last year.
It's because you're not an entertainer
What if you don't celebrate Christmas?
Credevo che la Libia fosse messa molto peggio
:)
"Starting off I thought that they had a very similar sound to a lot of other bands, but about halfway it starts to sound very original and her voice has a quality to it I haven't heard before."
"True, I'm sure the marginal nature of Bentleigh played a part also."
:) neat
which would be a good thing.
"I have an x-box 360 with games, 5 year old me would go crazy."
there are probably a few actual billionaires that would help with the legal fees of anybody who broke them...probably some law firms that would take it pro-bono too just to fuck with Trump.
Most of the judges on my ballot were appointed by Scott anyway
Can we get some details about what is needed?
"Putting peanut butter and candy on top of ice cream isn't a ""dish."""
Sometimes with these posts I don't read all of them be chase it gets too difficult
I think he'd be smarter to push 'TAG Heuer' to close the 50 hp gap to Mercedes
WE LOVE YOU SHARON!
It is a condiment tho
I want to see Wisconsin get dismantled
Don't forget the music video on three laser discs.
"Nah, the chat as cancerous as it was seemingly in a hive mind state agreed that the game looked ""awful""."
This is like one of the big internet/phone providers protesting teksavvy by creating shity service along with service disruptions to existing customers just to show them how they shouldn't leave for teksavvy.
"That's bullshit, if you report something illegal, no matter the policies, you should be protected by law, not chased by it."
Clarkson signed it...?
yikes
Not if you understand anything about construction.
Guns.
"your IP isn't, and if 20k people go on that sub they'll know they came from here (especially if we talk about it) then make up some fake news plus its most likely a honey pot anyways just avoid it, its bullshit and gross"
You can't just have the minimum pieces of flair.
"Apathy because he's really nice and under the radar, but he's also really buff."
Brock Lesnar
Some day Isco and Jese are gonna be the kings of Madrid.
PSN: TheSylntChamber
They got these red velvet ones at Kroger filled with a vanilla cream cheese frosting so good
Skyforths don't exist
"A lamp, a fan, a couple of toys and if worse comes to worse this computer."
Odd comparison.. :/
You got it from GloriousGeorge for taking a good pic of your corsair merch?
I feel like I'd want to take a shotgun to it after an hour or so.
"I was wondering why the glock suicide rate was so low, then I remembered that getting killed from your glocknade blowing up would be ""accidental death"" not ""suicide""."
Nobody called her disgusting and I'm not talking about her specifically - I'm replying to comments where people talk about the topic in general
Source?
I hate myself for watching these
Law and justice on every corner!
You live in Appleton?
remember Mongolia
Yet another reason to switch to PC
"He's trying to reinvent himself, and good luck to him."
"Someone call Niko Bellic to pull a distraction, quick!"
Yup
"Yeah, without gay church musicians, the entire industry would dry up and cease to exist."
Excel in everything
Should be there
I can't even play NXT this time... I get black screen upon log in...
Not as delusional as Liverpool fans.
True fuckin point.
"Jokes on you, they love bacon and have no problem fucking animals as it is :p"
x10 p90 storms
"Super Hexagon is fucking awesome, many an hour wasted on the throne playing it."
"I think hes acting :) Hes got the ""mask"" on, you can't imagine how much more different you are with a disguise ..."
y r u so gud at stories?
"I had no side effects from Clomid or Femara, and only got a bit more emotional on stims."
Herp derp
Im trying to make it to that as well.
"Stops bard tunnel tho, I'm guessing they would be coded the same or similar"
Georgia?
That is true... Frankly I was more worried about the cucumber though.
Congratulations.
Yes
"So Todd, did you hit it?"
"One word, Bollywood."
"When you have a dick, you get really good at putting it in openings."
"Fakedra, Fakedra, Fakedra How you gonna raise those boys, boo?"
Browse New for a while.
You sound like a problem drinker
Oh damn they fucked up big time
I'm sure he's trying to troll but just failing to actually succeed.
"They use voter files: states maintain a list of registered voters, and the campaign knows where they live, which elections they voted in, possibly their party ID and race, and some other info."
Since fucking when is vaping a corner stone of Mom and Pop business?
Sure hand me 20K and then add 25K to my tax bill ...
If he has a cuckold fetish he still needs a semi attractive woman to find someone willing to fuck her
I love Cali but the earthquakes scare the hell out of me.
color me jelly
Definitely don't see a doctor
Episode 4 is nuts
Well personally I would hope that the United States would not commit to a war that would ultimately kill thousands of Americans.
"FYI there is a TAPP as well, (or something like that) its the equivalent Atlantic to the pacific partnership."
It would've been pretty funny if he somehow botched that
My flair name is a lie now D:
Thus ended the community that was r/Xboxone
Sorry it's so long lol!
Decentralized banks are already here: Bitcoin
There's a HUGE difference between a casual pot smoker and a pot head.
oh Jesus.
Thanks!
"I think he sees anything with a vagina as a sex object, and that it applies to girls below the age of consent."
"Oh hell, this worked for once... probably because I used a fresh email, but whatever works."
"I'll be looking at some further details tomorrow then, I'm convinced :p Toledo is moving up my list."
"I was trying to add to your point somehow, having Hindi as an optional language will be good, but having it as the only alternative to English is bad."
f
Shit ~~Fatphobic~~ Concerned Parents say
He didn't QSS anything but did get the speed boost from it.
This is actually more interesting than the ottoman empire thing.
"All I could think was ""What if the chicken was alive"", and then it became very disturbing."
Network Engineers Hate Him!
this is the worst one ;-;
"Anyone calling themselves a ""space expert"" instead of a ""scientist"" is definitely not someone I want advising me on who should be sent to Mars."
i would watch the shit out of that
"If there are ""free breasts"" in the legislation, I haven't seen it...and I'm sure that they would only be for transexuals anyway."
"I want a GOTG replica belt and a Drago whole attire replica really, really bad."
"Your sister is disgusting, OP."
Well I mean they need something compared to how much attention the grineer get.
Holy shit you're right lol I would guess next week but if we're lucky Friday!
# WHAT?
This is common knowledge.
RIP legendary chances
The best people.
50 headshots though.. I am not about that.
"Can't see it in the Splash, not pronounced in the model."
"Okay wait - from all I've read and heard, this guy in Florida wasn't on the terror watch/no fly list - so what does this do anyway?"
"As I'm reading this thread a kid in my English class is talking about how his Grandpa hates and goes off on any Japanese person he sees because he dislikes them, not because he's racist."
Intake and output are both on the left side of the tank
"I dont see California anywhere, because we the west is the best!"
Thank You!
"Holy shit,I just saw that comment 30 minutes ago."
You do not have to accept their nonsense at all...
If that's an email you can copy and paste the address but I agree a qrcode is probably better.
The nasa article used in OPs source claim does.
The alpha was confirmed to be only running at 25% of graphical ability...
"Because if you aren't a child and do this, you are an idiot"
Almost half the population of those states voted against Trump.
Doesn't violate thank you post rules.
Thx!
"Imagine HotshotGG experiencing that, the barrel of laughs I'll have.."
I hear he has a long memory
Instant cast abilities are insanely obnoxious to lane against.
Ugh exactly how beating metro last light felt
56 minutes
"That very well may be, but you are forgetting that the holocaust is the worst tragedy in all of human history and no other event will surpass it."
He must love the Autobots.
Reps for Jesus.
Mans on dem pogba shirts already
Manch...I think I know one other brony here...:(
Everyone loves dragon dilders tho
Sad but true.
Thanks for my happiness pupper!
Don't worry.. You got my faded out vote..
"Liberators aren't that great vs toss honestly, they just seen to die a lot, if anything is getting nerfed it's most likely ravagers or nydus allins."
#Salim2014 Yes we can Reddit!
"It often results in significantly lower penalties, and obviously lower lawyer fees if you are hiring one."
Finnoscandinavia.
Tone's tracker cannon has also had a very noticeable rate of fire nerf.
For a small fee I'll put 'the crack' in your nearest postbox.
"Welp, I never even noticed that he has a hobby like that in HR"
Radioactive waste removal
He actually succeeded - in getting his ass banned.
"""Get me the fuck off Mars"" by Matt and the Damonotes"
"The Bible app for reading scripture, the Laudate app for reading the missel and for common prayers, and iRosary for help praying the rosary."
It's all a HUGE CONSPIRACY.
Yea I always pull 1nug out and put it in a different bag and smoke it last
This thread doesn't have the *capacitance* for lame puns
Not in Europe afaik.
Very nice but slightly out of focus
Its hard not to be cynical.
You could buy two h80s for around $100 then zip tie them on...
You're twisting my words.
and these are the guys police officers rely on in cities to report crimes since the number of police officers in Chinese cities increases incredibly slowly.
"Just checked the video, he's sniffing the whole time as well."
"An aging boomer population is a more probable reason, even if it doesn't conform to your ""everybody's a lowlife leech but me"" mentality."
He's almost there
8====D O: 8===O: 8=O: 8===O: 8====D ~~ (':
ORAS was better than X and Y and FRLG were better than the initial pair of RS
"Not much, but he had his cameo in BH6, too."
Now THIS is newsworthy
Well he actually wanted the show to die a long time ago but networks want their money.
So you have never hit on any girl you helped right?
The real question is whether or not anybody actually wants to play it
Delafield checking in.
Slide out and into style!
I call it red rooster but fro now on will call it red rocket.
Which is strange because all the kids are dicks.
Nothing more barbaric.
atta boy!
Those eyes are freaky deeky man.
Yes!
One after another?
"yah, funny how that works isn't it?"
Doesn't look like the big bang to me.
I haven't heard any music in this game since January... if you don't count the proximity spam.
Development time perhaps?
Except you totally can.
Pretty sure you see Bart's dick in the simpsons movie skateboarding scene...
if you're up for the north east there a SHITTON of 100k software engineering positions in NYC and greater boston area.
Don't pug on sundays.
*Everybody wants to know about me but they don't know about myyyy~*
Noice
"D'ya have access to an actual brake, or do you just believe in an aggressive use of pliers?"
Or Sword Fleets apparently
Still liked the bruising ankles and egos line tho
Too purple
It was
You called?
It doesn't make any difference.
the text scroll is WAY TOO fast.
Surprised this isn't higher up.
Can we just... pin this to the front page of the sub forever?
The picture is better by itself.
"I'm just here to say, ""Go Big Blue!"""
The chamber in a garbage disposal is pretty large; there wouldn't be nearly enough pressure in a bullet to actually cause the disposal to blow apart.
"To clarify, he was a general under Bush but was kept around under Obama."
"Sorry, must have been a brain fart :-)"
He is basically Thor.
Have this issue too.
"I reviewed that Skrillex, Diplo, and Justin Bieber song ""Where are U Now"""
I didn't know that the UK had solved the Ship of Theseus paradox.
"same, but alt+z shows the UI but when i try to record it says ""Enable desktop recording"" or something like that"
Her eyebrows... so bushy... and who passes someone a cigarette that small
Sp skill for ark and krantz?
"you say that as if the flag isn't a big deal, and then you say ""fuck the flag"" as if it is...."
They can utilize both Bahamut Treatoad and Infinity.
&amp; Knuckles
This is really good considering the shit he's released lately.
...and maybe they didnt bother because they mistakenly assumed the nativity would stand proudly erected in the middle of whatever functions the place booked during their holy season?
no flickering this time
Indication of the difficulty.
"Little did we know, Google changed the name at the last minute just so we could enjoy this."
All Night Long!
"If it changes anything, my username is ctrlSALTdelete."
john fucking madden
"You don't need to redownload, you just need to install the ps4 update file."
A dictator?
I sure can - I'll definitely it when I have breakfast in a half hour or so!
Go Centaur and Bundle then ?
Have you looked to see if the sensor is obstructed?
"They are almost as bad as Breitbart, but not quite there."
Which is like saying that the sky is blue.
Chief Wahoo and the Redskins are both very fucked up
A binder full of...yep you guessed it.
But where are *they* all hiding?
BECAUSE HALLMARK
I put the host in post.
"to each his own, I can handle ecchi, but this looks like more than Triage X levels of ecchi"
All this talk about Talent but we seem to play bad time and time again.. maybe our so called talent is overrated?
I want to see the XZ in person soo bad.
Peeing just got a whole lot more fun.
but... but emails...
"If you only play against those 2 decks, find a deck that counters those 2 and win constantly."
Try 1.3 million.
What further nerfs to Anivia do we need?
juan.
Yes please
"I believe they take Elevate's spot in relegations, which means they are fairly likely to make it in as long as Flex wins their set against the CC team they are going to face (I believe that is this coming weekend)."
Why would a comment about waffles not be serious?
"Penso che lui voglia dividere i soldi con le modelle, non che sia costretto."
You've never heard a Spanish person speak in broken English and leave out little words?
According to wiki they are both nuclear physicists as well.
Excel plus mint (for daily tracking and categorizing) I then input the bulk of spending into general categories in Excel.
It's about shoe game.
"I would tenatively say, Ohio City Cleveland, OH"
yea but then everything but the positive tip would be negative which might cause a short
30-Mar
"After installing it, me too!"
"Yes, Floyd is borderline drop-able so you would essentially be getting OBJ for Crow."
"maybe an indicator of the color switching as well, maybe a big clock above the goal, or even the goal changing to white then to the next color"
Donating to the USA.
that delayed reaction
"Ugh, this whole situation sucks, but this is such a race-bait title."
people really underestimate the lengths Ferrari will go to to be assholes.
Have you tried flippin' awesome?
Yeah that's the worst part didn't they have stripper clips back then?
"It's all a matter of what you're into, whenever I go to TML, I tend to not hear anything new, and mostly just spend my time drinking and watching for the weirdest of the weird."
"""I have spent entirely too much time outside today."""
"Perhaps this allows us to get more ""experimental"" products if the market place means the LCBO doesn't have to keep them in-stock and only buy from the brewery when we order."
"Reddit's new bae ""prime minister Trudeau"" wants to bring in 25,000 over the next 6 weeks."
The question is: who is to blame in this scenario?
I stand corrected.
and a very popular one in present day it seems
"What age we live in, even gold coins can be infected by computer viruses..."
But I'd like the effect to be permanent and not a dark event
Looks like a giant moth
Size O
That's how I feel with ItG these days.
Thank you!
I think this is the uniqueness that could make soccer very popular in the U.S.
"probably, but we should not ignore the words of the people who have already resigned due to this."
The same is happening with Tabletop Simulator.
There are no bad boobies....
TL;DR: People who don't agree with me on at least some issues serve no purpose!
"This is, incidently, considered the most played instrumental tune in the world."
"Viper is already a flying pudge hero, might as well as go all out"
"It's not a logical fallacy, it's a theory contradicted by facts."
"Well, like you said the whole thing was ambiguous, so we can't exactly know what is right or not now can we?"
Because you want to only show mastery level not kills...
"Rocky Horror is fun, and trans people don't want anyone to have fun because having fun isn't pitying and cooing over trans people every second of the day."
Lmao.
I left an important work thing at home that I need to get done and I can get it done much faster/better while tele-working.
Kicking net for president 2016
By other players/guilds for stuff like escorting a tradepack.
And Mario has a quick nair to get out of a lot of combos.
Dogecoins for this mutt.
"If it didn't cost a ton, he may have wanted to pay out of pocket to avoid his insurance going up."
*Snap* Yes!
"Nahh, I'd say I'm more afraid of being stabbed."
Maste Ace - sitting on chrome
Wright-Patt?
thatsthepoint.jpg
"As long as they're on their route and not at a timing point, they cannot get out for ANY reason."
You need to wait until the transaction is complete.
""".....So.. Should I break up the check?"""
I'm actually wanting something even lighter than XFCE and maybe a rolling release distro.
"Get those complaints fired off to Perk (and Checkpoints, too) these ads are BROKEN, every time I X-out of them, either the app stays at a black screen or crashes, they need to go away permanently."
Guess we'll find out over the coming weeks.
"Nah, I just hate dumb dumbs."
At least it makes the big ten look good though.
he actually turned down doing a song with them
"We'll always be a target, that's for sure."
Obviously!
Yeah I'm not judging you :)
"Deus Ex, of course"
"No, it's not even proof of that."
reee
RUBBER SHOES IN MOTION
I just want his wife tbh
This is just more proof to me that hate is a learned behavior...
If my girlfriend fucked bdd I'd be proud
Maybe try the DIY sub.
I like that you chose NiP vs Immunity as the grand final
"Well tbh mccree does get countered by genji, but I def understand your point, I play lucio in solo since no one picks healers, The amount of times I've just started getting hit in the back wondering how they even got there is too much, I've mainly learned to just jump around wall riding as much as possible non stop and hope they can't hit me."
no sorry sold this awhile ago!
I will tell you mine in PM if you promise you won't tell riot and use it to fight the dank side
Why can an app accomplish this but not javascript in the browser?
I have a 720p/1080i tv and i have an option for 1080p
kutriya
Might wanna get r/ImplodingChina going.
I did.
"Were you expecting ""Space Marine""?"
^ This.
Just do the second to last level of Rakshult over and over again it's like 15k exp every time
I feel like I should unsubscribe from there now.
"I recall her having a mostly bs excuse for every single loss, there was not once in the book where she said that she just lost to the better person on the day and learned from it."
lol sry m7
If you can't laugh at this game you are taking things way too seriously.
That is the point he is making yes
"500% increase of ""FLAIR UP"""
Switch hands
"vuolaintg nda had a better frist and second act, but the jl assembling wouldve been way more cluttered and worse than what was in bvs, but 1 and 2 were bette il give him that"
samefag
"I think it looks awesome, gives a real alien/futuristic look without going over the top."
"""Everybody out......and now run from the scene of the accident really quickly!!"""
Social anxiety and the fact that I want more than what people who go on dating sites can expect.
I can see a movie based on this being made.
Does this sub have nothing else to talk about but the genocide and turks?
Having bathroom doors was against the rules in my (state-side) mission.
The new carreirs are designed for STOVL just like the old ones they replaced.
Hint:jews 2nd hint: muslims despise them 3rd hint: connect german history tk the jews
"Unfortunately on my budget, I could only afford the frame of that bike."
Some metals and babies.
And things that aren't the NHL
"I just did, thank you!"
You can spot them at the roundabouts waiting for all other entries to be clear before they go... confidence is key.
Polls-plus forcast is more accurate and the actual one he uses.
For some reason this dogs' look reminds me of Stev Buschemi
"It's great, make sure you do a tour of the fjords and see Bergen and Stavanger too, also hike up to pulpit's rock :)"
What's your itch OP?
So did he
"but you *cant* refund directly from the developer, which is where people were suggesting you buy it from."
Well did the prof know how to read Italian?
no.
This is the MSM.
"Well, it was activist friends that introduced it to me, referencing it as a historically frequently contentious issue."
"I love the nonsense plot, the complete lack of pacing, and the funky moments between the Hulk and Jennifer Connelly."
"You had one job, O.P."
"New t-shirt campaign: ""Defend Reality""."
"Methadon, the new dinosaur they just discovered?"
"For 16 keys, though."
I often miss when people suddenly stop running when I heal them.
"Please tell me, when did the IDF rig a mentally challenged child up with explosives and send him to a check point?"
And nothing of value was lost.
So the legal weed in Washington is working out for you I take it.
I feel just like a purple Pikmin
Cry.
It's a pretty sweet reference and a badass model too
One team being DQ'd doesn't nullify eLeague... It's been well organised and produced some good match ups so far.
"Naw paps ya see here *it's just called 199.99*, it actually costs 249.99"
He's the Dark Nut alright.
The Devils would be in trouble if Cory or Andy Greene were out long term
I use Kurosawa as my cover-up for wanting to watch cartoons and read comic books.
Too bad you'd only see him in an elaborate setup ;)
also would seem a larger variety of stuff to image
Argentina
RIp
It's a dronie.
"No thanks, I'm ok here, it's pretty entertaining."
"I agree, but i'm just pointing out the flawed thinking with a lot of the community that's going around."
"""swan song"", also known as ""the stand but done right"" and ""the wolf's hour"" are my personal favorites."
I honestly don't know if he'd know the difference
"Totally agree, just using the absolutely undeniable fixed number for the ""dgu's are totally imaginary bullshit from crazies"" people."
Mine still accepts prepaid
::facepalm:: got thread confused... Thanks for catching that
"In soviet russia, cake have YOU"
"I think Kiss of Death got a lot of bad reviews because some people hate remakes, and thought it wasn't as good as the original."
"No one knows what it means, but it's provocative."
"Also, I want a pony and a fun party with cake and pizza"
"I'd like to take Jews for $1000, Alex."
Without us they would have an expensive lawn ornament.
"Socks, socks, socks, socks..."
"Wait, what is it doing?"
Consider the cap for both of these.
what other legendaries do you have?
Pvp stats get nullified with the pre patch now as soon as you enter a Pvp area.
"NYC kids* Also what's the rent for your closet.. Erhm, I mean *condo*?"
B10
"Go to school, it's faster - really"
Haha!
If that is the case why do the Oxford and Cambridge dictionaries indicate the meaning of the word to be different than what you state?
Ain't nobody got time fo dat!
"These are nice and all, but what exactly is happening in the bottom left?"
Everything sells out in Japan
Visit wollaston
Vaginal witchcraft should be the next song that Sandavol does.
Me no English good.
"They would have to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that you DID purchase it, but unless they nail you with the product on your person, I don't see how they can."
"Bet it rhymes with ""Schmadolf Schmitler"""
why would not use that card?
:)
Bilbao was the Europa league Round of 32 (and we were thrashed in those 2 games ) In the CL we crashed out against Basel
"Yeah, as excited as I am for this movie, I'm really not a fan of the Joker design."
i know right?
"Being able to shove 8 DS Lacrima up your ass is just as bullshit, though."
Female victimhood is holy
Do not listen and go vote!
Sometimes it's entertaining (with risk of losing brain cells).
Give it time.
So smart.
"Whatever, the point is that it would be extremely weird to name a kid ""Grey Poupon"" since it basically means Grey Toddler."
"That's probably what will happen, but technically they're supposed to treat it like it wasn't ever on our schedule."
My Dad
Have you tried baby spiders?
Supes needs new blood.
The west should put sanctions or not invest in these countries till they can learn equality
I'm sure you'll get all the bitches now.
phonetry in motion
"""reserved for next patch or two when he gets a minor nerf and the garen ""mains"" deem him unplayable"" Fixed"
"Troll account, move along everyone."
Did you get a hole in one?
an ECHxorcist.
Will be in my next stock refresh ;)
they normally are since points are given and it effects the standings at the end of a season.
"To be fair, something about Terrorblade's in-game everything isn't right."
"Dreaming no, lying yes"
Im down 82 games on Pro lol damn
"The title is ""Safari net for the win"" so Im guessing he used a safari net."
more like a vote sway
Truman Show.
"Not in the same way as RB3, but you can add a song to a set list to see it's length (possibly with some math)"
The Pie That Was Promised!
Wat
Oh thanks heh
Wow thats kinda cruel.
Mobile autocorrect you wanker
"My favorite character out of all of FNAF would be Jack-O-Bonnie because I love Halloween with a passion, and love any variant of Bonnie."
well he certainly thinks he can because he proposed and spent quite a bit of money trying to do just that.
A very small minority that seems to get a lot of laws passed in the US
Yeah it's either over done or that's how they like it.
"I figuratively lost mine, but to each his own."
Desmaouse could take some lessons from whoever produced the early madonna albums...
bitches get dishes
"I have CM13 with no greenify or amplify, and it lasts from 5:30am-7pm with ~4-5 screen on time, with brightness around 50% (on auto) and wifi most of the time."
"Yes, but they'd still be extraordinarily wealthy compared to us today if they own any part of the means of production (robots &amp; automation)."
It's hard to be neutral when you're using trains.. wait.. :)
Don't forget about Awesomenauts :D
"Missed my stop north of $25 on the $SUN train this morning, trying to decide if I should cut profits right at the $1K UBTI threshold or hold until next year and fuck my taxes up properly"
"Wow, you have no idea how shit works."
Would love to know this as well.
Funny how Harry Reid and Obama were both against this before they had power...
"The fuck is a ""Yummy Mummy"""
Missed call into a goal.
"Old bimmer driver here, 40k for us."
I watched all of season 1 but have been struggling to get into 2
You didn't make a mistake; that is correct use of African-American Vernacular English.
Six Feet Under - Everyone's Waiting
They're not called Scary Pumpkins for nothing!
Or maybe because they're naked girls on a sub reddit about naked girls
Same reason having a disorder like OCD or ADD is a thing.
American football apparently.
Fastest way to achieve anarcho-primitivism.
Didn't mean to insult you and your friends..
If it's censorship it's awfully ineffective censorship.
"For me Gangplank worked, It takes a LOT of time to master him, but once mastered, i climbed from silver 4 to gold 2."
GifLyfe
"They're trying to remarket themselves as more upscale, at least in this area."
Laryngitis.
That was a rough swing.
"If you need to get mad, use the legal standpoint to strengthen your case."
with warlock its 4 mana draw a card XD
"I'm not the OP, but I would guess that they're mostly very charming and manipulative."
I hope so
Enjoy :D
Yeah I'm glad I was able to retire him sound.
It is 4 Chan's brother.
That is basically how sexual reassignment surgery works.
"From a personal anecdote, I torrented all of Rick and Mortys episodes after watching it on adult swims website using a cable subscription, because the quality is better and the availability is better if its torrented."
I will definitely bear that in mind but how often does it get too gelly and the engine cannot start?
That's always how I've heard it.
My thoughts exactly
"I don't know about banning all religious expression, or all Muslim religious expression, but why haven't Salafi and Wahhabi been banned?"
"But like, them putting it into the trailers is how they told you..."
maybe nest just the clips your going to add effects to in premiere and then open in AE?
I didnt see that
I've always been of the opinion that if damage taken in the game isn't in a cutscene or otherwise isn't shown on the player-character (batman's suit in the Arkham games shows battle damage as he progresses showing he's taking a beating throughout the night) then they didn't actually take damage.
"Like I said, if it was anyone else he would be banned and gone already but he's not just any other person I guess."
Couldn't have had anything to do with his motivations.
"There can be no closure, it was *TAKEN*"
Where was god when I tried to walk down 8 stairs at once?
Broke clock and all that
Just move through them with your shoulder wide and try bumping the most you can into them!
"In the first post it appears that she commented ""I have a boyfriend."""
Real VMP
He failed but he sure tried to make Obama a one term president.
"At least they gave credit, which is more than what reposters do."
"So, a progressive system?"
He's going the way of Old Yeller.
Probably would have stabbed you with his chin.
Maybe next year we'll get a free U2 Album with our compendiums.
Pokemon Sun and Moon
I got free tickets and I wanted to walk out of the cinema.
"All these shows are terrible, what do you expect?"
"Yes think of a mac book as a slightly lower powered laptop, it's brilliant for what it's meant to be used for, but running windows on it will make it overheat and will slightly melt the keys so that you have to turn on the mac book 5 mins before you want to use it to make the keys mailable again, My mate done this running windows 7 in boot camp playing Wow, Which is obviously not an intensive game so running anything slightly more power hungry will almost certainly make it over heat."
I don't see the US crumbling.
"To be fair, I think it was GDOT that had that brilliant idea, not ""Gwinnett""."
You mean the hotness factor... *insert Lenny face here*
Do you see any difference in the skill level of those players?
reminds me of staring back at me
"They get theirs, you get yours"
I came.
"It's my hard drive, going to get a new one tomorrow."
I guess that's the reason why you should watch a movie before you come to a conclusion.
"No, just finish zeal right after bf or bf/pickaxe."
Well ain't that some shit that don't stink
Nerf wasn't stealth... it was in the patch notes.
"Any effect that cannot resolve , resolves as nil in guessing"
Did songs get cut on the LP version or where others added to the cassette?
Let's see the league hold them to the same standard they hold the Patriots to
"End the illegal wars, bring my brothers home... /constitionalist"
Street tards are just looking for attention.
Bout to be at a [0.5]
Thanks for the audible chortle you just caused.
"Don't question it, if all else fails it's because of magic."
Faker.
"I'm surprised your not still at the farm now, you're more hideous than any animal I've seen."
Rude.
WHY.jpg
He has a photographic memory!
You never know with all the Anti-preorder people these days.
This is the kind of news I needed today
"Conversely, I'm not going to bow and scrap to someone just because they are a higher rank or position."
I think it was more the fact that it was an ambush.
"In modern parlance, small government means ""so small, its regulations can reach into your womb."""
"i guess i know when to walk away usually, it stops me from doing things like this most of the time"
One
Oakland is a shitty favela.
Santa is rory confirmed
How to see comments?
And then the rift guardian spawns on the other side.
Maybe you should call and ask why they didn't and/or see a different vet if you are concerned still.
QA ppl are usually just problem identifying.
Nothing feels as good as buying shoes with your hard earned money.
the big lebowski
Shoulda got a falcon.
"With all of the video cameras in Walmart, this is brave!"
You can tell that her gums are inflamed?
"Come on, like he cares about losing seats, he does enough of that through opening his mouth."
"Jackie Chan, I will cry like a baby"
You mean nationalists?
Made me think of a soda commercial...I don't know why.
"some people still haven't gotten past the ""omg Red China is taking over"" mentality."
How is that any different than Guerlain lipsticks?
Greninja &lt;3
I thought you just posted this.
"Aww, how embarrassing for her!"
Your use of fam is cringy
I thought it meant 'a big mistake'
"ogottogottogott, das kann ja wohl nich warstein"
"why even give it a blade, it has 0 range"
Did you read the article?
Verified!
Some uglos..
Interesting.
And he actually does decent damage now!
I guess you can say he's a pretty Great Dane....
"Now it's the law, through his decree, and until the restructure act is passed, as a NA official, I have no choice, but to honor it."
"I was about to say, lol sorry bro."
I think that was the Falmer.
To laugh at people.
Every time I see the picture I see a finger dick inside the jar
WELP I HAVE TO WAIT TILL I'M OFF MOBILE
"Hard to see the boobs, but total win for big feet lovers."
"Well, he was a sneakerhead"
This is why we should ban all new 18-wheeler development in order to focus on organic and sustainable wagon trains like our ancestors did.
"Dude, take small steps to get back to learning how to play, it is so much fun if you have time to do it."
7:47 left.
so are you suggesting we control the population randomly?
Why don't you vote?
"Seriously, play Townsmen."
There's anything approaching a majority of feminists in the Indian legislature?
I definitely did not read that as mosquitoes
Hahahahaha.
This.
(Are we going to do this forever?)
"Ah, the people of LateStageCapitalism downvoting you for being childfree, that's rich as hell."
"I think Obtio would have taken most of the bodies, remember his lab with that big wall of Sharingan eyeballs?"
"It's surprisingly useful in fight clubs, using a delicate weapon can mean 20 or so fights in you need one to stop them from breaking."
Referees ... They are winning the game single handedly
Yes he is.
*grits teeth*
You're so nice!
"I bet you don't follow traffic rules either, seeing how you didn't agree to them personally, and if anyone stops you from however the fuck you want they're a communist nazi."
"So, will we be getting a second trail of tears?"
"Yep same, the only time i ever call foul is if i get hit in the eyes Source: Live in Harlem"
Legend
All they do is sit at home and spend your money on stupid berries
"Glad to hear, must've been a horrible experience at 14, I couldn't imagine myself going through it."
I've heard that the real pros only use dental floss for bundling cables together.
lol I just bought an X61 last week :/
Sure is SRS in here.
Didn't look like it hurt all that much...
Well I take a preventitive dose of accutane but yeah GOMAD is a great thing.
"I set mine to chassis only, as I actually prefer the linear response of the non-sport modes."
"I live in Scotland, we have a separate nhs ;-)"
"Woah, that's pretty crazy."
"No, some work is more difficult than others."
LOOK AT ALL THAT SNAPPLE OH FUCK
Go to college and graduate from college.
"I'd get a huge boner if meyers could live up to all that potential and become a rim protector, but it's still probably not gonna happen by next year."
Anyone notice how they play with the mouse on their left hands and not right.
"IDk, Extra diplomat, Extra point of Legitimacy/ Diprep Extra military leaders without upkeep Extra tradition boosts Inflation reduction"
I wonder if this ruling will help stop the oil drilling / fracking / injection well and deep-water testing.
"I just call us Bitches Anonymous, or say I'm off to my meeting of the Society for the Advancement and Recognition of FU, FU, Yok, FU it's not PMS (aka 'boys are stupid') syndrome."
"Off topic, do you know when the 1st Manhunter trade comes out or where I can find that info?"
"he's lost a portion of his athleticism and explosiveness that was such a main part of his game, he's unable to get up there and finish lobs/block shots as consistenly"
Headpool.
I had a close friend who that happened to.
"Dackie boy is pretty close, being $400"
Hyperpro RSC
"Because he's racist, only reason to do that."
I could fit my fridge in your radiator.
The power to visit another universe
But neoliberal advocates never understand this.
"I know this is said a lot on this sub but ugh, I just feel so bad for Amanda's girls."
"It's not a performance, it's an activity."
!remindme 84 days
You use the upgraded dingo on a second picture
How you going to roll and dodge?
H&amp;M's medium shirt fits me perfectly
That's a scary truth.
"Its okay, shes going to prison now."
This is far too interesting for me to handle
Triplicate*
But the character of Mad Max is realistic and does not make you roll your eyes?
"If you can't boil 17 years of experience, especially without leaving space for education stuff, to one page, then you either need to cut out a ton of shit or you've jumped jobs about a million times."
That is a hilarious idea.
"To be fair, I also get pretty annoyed when people record video vertically."
"Go forth, do what you want, bang hookers... live your life brother"
I guess asking for logic or reason was too much to ask for?
I must say I was quite pleased to see Emilie Autumn!
Seconded
Langdon Alger
Doesn't look like much of a screw up to me
"Hahaha, ""Hafeez bowling action like IPL, it never going to be clean."""
^^Can ^^you ^^explain ^^this ^^to ^^me?
How is Antares Tech not the richest company in the world yet?
"Tell us more about your ""Institute"""
Boo hoo
He could counter sue for harassment.
wheres david patten when you need him?
When he starts being funny we can classify him as comedy.
ZOMG TEH AGENDA 21 LIBERTY
Standard.
stopped at the popups.
"Maybe someday it will be on ESPN in the cs go international, but we can only dream..."
Lol jk
"This happened over 2 years ago in April of 2007, but it highlights that the Bush Administration that said any nation harboring terrorists would be considered by the US as a terrorist nation, and by allowing a known terrorist, Luis Posada Carriles, to walk free and not try him for terrorism or extradite him for prosecution, turned the US into a terrorist nation in Bush's own words."
"If I didn't live at home, I would be homeless."
"I have one of those bones, but I just put it on my desk at work since I knew I'd never look as awesome as this dude holding it up at a game."
The funk is within him
Omiswhereumakit
"Pro tip from someone who lives in a tourist town: When there are people everywhere (like at conventions), go ahead and take your pictures, but if you expect every one of the thousands of people to wait or walk around you as you take your picture, then you are an asshole."
"This doesn't work at all - Temporal Trespass exiles as it resolves (don't know why so many people forget this part), so you can't exile (and thus cast) it with Living Lore."
"Nope, radio attenuation, the signals never got that far."
"As someone who's just not very good at texting people back, I can't help but feel like I would have had a lot more friends if I lived 40 years ago."
Ask again and it'll be another 10 minutes
"Upon what are you basing that assertion, that she will overcome it?"
It's not his birthday today.
"i want Pam to become a field agent, and i want archer to marry her, and i want her to put him in his place."
"Yeah, I don't think I will EVER finish GK eaater egg"
"Not fully, no, because the other Directors would have to agree."
RELEVANT USERNAME
more like 40
"they had to throw ""nonbinary"" in there, huh"
titan wasnt a shooter moba fps
Coup story bro.
"I'm American, I didn't know that dink meant penis."
what's your favorite song right now?
Winston would be a great fit here.
"Except these are the lyrics from ""The Real Slim Shady"" not ""Guilty Conscience"""
Lool People live in the walls?
Hasbro Transformers.
Kirby.exe
Always pleased to ally myself with the Anti-Mage.
&lt;3
wut?
Me neither.. I just hate both - getting mad every time
He became the chicken...
Not at all what this subreddit is for.
"I can get behind this, waterproof hat/hair and I can charge anyone who tries to fuck with me."
Where was this supposed to go?
Anything but that question.
MMMmmmwwwwoooooOOOOOoooooowwwwwww.
Some of us do...
Has this happened with other wounds?
Just watch a different show.
I honestly think Valve might have killed their own Steam machine sales by releasing the Steam Link.
"From the sounds of the status, it appears they were already caught."
"Yeah, i'm a little concerned."
"They thought it was a clean block, not clipping"
#MAKE
lol do you want to study plants?
I lived with three other girls and I swear that shit went every other day.
Pigs produce bacon and pork which fuels the bellies of workers everywhere!
"God damnit, I'm a liverpool fan, this is fucked"
Not sure... Could you post me an example?
God should have the power to not be lonely and stop killing people at a young age with diseases.
"I would definitely recommend not jumping straight in to the expansions for **Innovation**; while I like the game a lot, the expansions all are a large step up in terms of difficulty."
Pretty sure he was tied up with the world speed record too.
"The Op-Op Fruit was too OP, it needed *some* nerfs."
"I'm sure he would have dealt with Pop's ""bullshit"" similarly."
ah my bad
"Unfortunate for the guy, looks like he actually somewhat knew what he was doing compared to 90% of failed backflip videos, but the gown weighed him down or fucked up his movement."
Do you still remember what ten-year-old you thought twenty-five-year-old you was gonna be?
"If there's no point, why is this sub not just about weapons ?"
Welcome!
Try for a minute to be a Palestinian under the apartheid and racist genocide of Israel's thumb.
Those Warrior photos they show at the breaks and commercials are so fucking overexposed lol
"Larfleeze def is, when he got his constructs up, he was beating the shit out of the guardians + top tier lanterns, his weakness is he needs some wind up time, so you gotta KO or in-cap him early on."
That's no fun!
"Depends on the speed, could at least possibly keep it from flipping."
doot
"And not the ""kill your partner on accident because you have no idea what you're doing"" level of kink."
"Houses in the uk have notoriously poor insulation, Poromenos is confused."
"I disagree, I feel like Karma still makes a great support in poke comps."
"I wonder how the people who keep promoting the ""Chicago Gang Mentality"" of the administration will react to this example of mob-style vengeance from a Republican."
It was the summer of 2069... oh yeah
PS4.
This guy is assuming that those various data points contribute into what makes a country great.
"Dude, the fact that you dont see how being able to level 2 things at the same time as selling power is telling a lot on how you've been brain-washed to accept this shit."
username checks out
"everyones a shit kid sometimes but when your yelling at your 17 year old son for trying to tell you something you need to know, maybe you're a shit parent"
This post has been removed because it's a repost.
Criminals usually act with the hope that they won't get caught.
"It would be more statistically accurate if it were a black, hispanic or asian kid."
no
Now just write Hello Internet^TM on the bottom in big letters and itll be perfect
Would you say that you a person who is helping to enact positive changes in your community?
As long as we are changing the rules after the fact.....Why not illustrate how Trump WON the popular vote excepting the results in one Blue state?
Level 17 (almost 18) never had a 10km egg :(
You should rather send him a fruit basket for being of service to him.
"Political will, maybe?"
Oops.
I'd still buy the extended warranty if I'm gonna keep it stock for a while.
Then what about the cat?
So then wouldnt it be illegal if they just walked in without consent?
"without any independent studies to the effectiveness of these products, I don't know how well this will do."
*if
I think this brochure was secretly financed by Big Pizza.
"It would be kind of amusing, but I don't support MTX in most games so I'd be a bit upset."
Wouldn't Marluxia hair be more appropriate?
I wonder why more firms haven't moved their main businesses out of London and just had a smaller rotating sales / front desk there?
Try turning off the flashlight and you'll be even more sneaky.
"Key phrase: ""on paper"""
"Check your privilege, you white cis shitlords!"
"Oh well,i didn't have a chance to play MGO2 too much,that's why i forgot about that"
Wonder why the game is not going to be in 3D...
"I just felt there was something off about her, seemed a little cheesy."
"Ok, thanks for the answer!"
I might have to check that out!
"In CA, a huge portion of COs (and probation officers, similar but not working in jail) are just assholes with authority complexes who failed the police exam too many times."
TIL about the unit converter
He just wanted to show his boner
Not sure if you're trolling or encouraging this type of conspiracy garbage.
Not cinematic enough... Needs to be 30 fps
"No it allows a lot of games, games like ARMA, Overwatch, CSGO, etc and other games already have some screenshots and clips uploaded."
"Russo swerve, 2Pac vs Xpac"
Well H81 is even cheaper if you want to save money.
"Not only is you ideology no threat to the state, you actually help delegitimize genuine resistance by associating your ethically bankrupt and logically impossible ideas with anarchism."
Most of his non-league content (especially his lists) is hilarious
Wow.
Except at easily spreading butter
means
Wrong Said Fred
Fade that flair boys.
I think you might be speaking English but I'm not sure.
1986?
"wow thats a lot for a first bet, It's safer to start with a sand dune :D I'm betting 9 cents on penta"
They'll have to throw her in the bunker like a side of beef.
I think he means there is not a thread of communism left in Russia.
You are smart
RIP my sweet memories
"Ben Affleck, maybe?"
There are vegan assasin bugs that throw buckets of red paint on these kinds of assasin bugs.
Hippa?
feckin lel
Yet global flair...This sub in a nutshell.
What makes transparent dice more inherently balanced?
calm down satan
"Serious question, what is considered a non-casual thread in this sub?"
"Correct, and by his own admission those notebooks were filled to the brim with highly classified information, codewords, troop deployments, etc."
roblox vs minecraft: and maybe gmod
You can't get any electric car serviced anywhere but that brand's dealership and only if they have a tech certified in EV.
SHRIEK
6-1 v MUFC
"Yeah, I guilt tripped him pretty hard and he feels bad."
Thanks Joe.
Maybe something from My Sleeping Karma?
It's like that all the time though.
"Te guys from the band ""The Used"" grew up here."
PAC
tell that to the people at indoor swap meets
Reppin' boston :)
"You've got a good point, but I also think people do this especially with Shia because it's fun to build into his mystique at this point lol"
"cecs 347, 447 with tramel, brah"
Racists gonna race.
Buddy's is better anyways.
"We've explored new levels of chaos, the existence of which we weren't aware of before"
Mayweather vs Marquez
You forgot the 2000 *GT* part.
They were doing it wrong.
"You know, I've gotten Jimmy Kimmel before"
light != lager
So what you're telling me is that my dick will be 4 inches longer?
"Honestly, McDavid will be great this year assuming health."
"What the heck is ""not enough people"" watching?"
A good chunk from muslim countries
Mid 90s was the Wild West for the Internet.
"Forced update, unless the owner knows how to root + reject updates."
"Yeah same here I vaguely remember being able to say something like ""Dad they killed Jonas."""
What exactly is a skeleton crew?
"the mini mart, about a block north of China Harbor restaurant, on Westlake Ave N (west side of Lake Union) has them in stock all the time."
I was wondering how long it would take for dickbutt to show up...
"No, not that I am aware off."
CTR's
"and memes can be fun, remember hate is way more powerful a train than logic and critical thinking."
Hell come back to Vancouver to live for sure though...
I just watched it thanks to your recommendation and I uh... I need to use the restroom
The screaming fans make it so much worse.
X2
"Hey, how's it going?"
I think Cruel Bargain or Infernal Contact might be superior here.
"And also material crying for a trade for the inevitable year when he slumps, and his BA drops below .850, and he only drives in 1500 runs."
"I won a 1v4 vs Japan in the P-40 the other day, ended up with 6 kills and i felt like a fucking god."
Cinemagraph.
"Thank you man, means a lot to me."
"That's why they always say "" do what you love"", and is a big reason Youtube Let's Players are such a big thing"
"That is awesome, can you do like a step by step instruction for us noobs that want to do the same?"
butfucking is NOT simple...
"Woulda been in the superbowl, Lee Evans shoulda caught the ball, Billy cundiff shoulda hit that gimmie of a kick..coulda died from alcohol poisoning that night..."
"I'd try the V80 first, the Z-Forces all feel weird to me."
He has the same reaction to pussy as I've had for a while
That's what incognito mode is for.
This makes me very proud to be a dub.
65 tons of metal and doom moving around at 70 KM/H are pretty scary if you ask me.
"Wait, can a 770 even use dx11?"
Scorestreaks have been in COD since at least modern warfare 3... I think maybe even black ops 2 had them.
Just finished shitting on Teemo.
What does it matter to me that I can see how much the pig eats if the second part is absent.
Last time I checked that company isn't run by our government.
That or these archeologists will say anything to get money from Christians....
"It's not a bug, you need to make a tough tool rod pattern at the stencil table then make a tough tool rod at a part builder and use that instead of the basic tool rod you are using."
Where is the New River?
"I understand how induction works, I am asking as to how you prove this"
fucking tripods!
Armenia: Atomic weapons for scare the shit out of Turkey and Azerbaijan so they finally let my people live in peace
Someone will be getting a call from the authorities
The hero we need.
"So you think that there are no pressure groups on the right, it'seems just CTR?"
I think I'd be totally okay with my bedroom looking like that.
Chick-chicky-boom!
Your TFB clone?
I second this.
Gross!
"At least is + speed, Magmortar nature is not good either :P"
"Add that with ee3, equivalency, and a good tree farm and diamonds for days."
1
Gives better contrast
"Me and a friend did jump in the game to play a duo to just chill and talk a bit and then, game changes my region to NA, I cant change it back and whenever I try to I cant use the menu anymore, feels great &lt;3"
It's always that one Indian dude who scores above the curve...
To shreds you say...
definatly wont eat at a place where i cant take a huge dump after
That part is called the primer
Wonder how that'll work when NYC gets two MLS teams...
Already watched bb best show ever watched
Throw a Varix scope on the VMP and you have yourself a laser gun.
yea unfortunately 343 went for the quantity over quality approach for H5 armor.
There is actually quite a huge gap between the top 4 teams and the bottom 4 teams.
"A diagnosis of a ""psychotic break"" wouldn't have ended my career, is what I meant."
"The Lions, you idiot."
Isn't that Systema?
"You know, putting the ""inside"" stuff ""out"" on the silver screen!"
"False, the UK is thriving with this ice bucket bollox."
I'm expecting Maria to interfere or pop up sometime in the PPV since they rehired her.
Yeah can I get dem digits.
Funzionano meglio degli arbre magique le cocorite?
"04:25:20 is actually the release date: April 25, 2020."
"I guess it's open to interpretation, but what's fornsure is that showing the gruesome realities of war coupled with one-liners and a glorious battle royale sure sends mixed messages!"
"Basically, yes, it has roots in the butch/femme dynamic in the lesbian community."
They always invade my world in Dark Souls and I fuckin hate em
me too thanks
Damn you are stupid...
collecting boxes?
I thought ladyboys didn't have vaginas anymore...
serious?
"sorry fox news, we're all to busy looking for jobs or working multiple jobs to listen to you be the republican mouthpiece at this time."
"I've been seeing many R9 280 problems on PCMR lately, I'm really scared about mine right now :("
Ya'll gave him one EV in 08.
"Jeez, add Larry Robinson while you're at it."
"Woohoo, the Ambassador's turret has been removed!"
"Well fuck me, it should still run fine with stock clock, I had a K version running 970 in the past without overclocking, it works fine."
And they say women are the emotionally unstable ones...
"hes also a well known high skilled amateur player and has been for a long long time, even back in dota 1..."
My 10k this morning was an Eevee GDI!
PRAETORS HERE WE COME!
As a Zilean Onetrick...not again please :^)
Can you call a white person a racial slur and actually offend him/her ?
"""comedy"""
Creamy Pie Smith
Yea I see them I was just wondering if they had some effect on how the switches actually function
"Multiplied by 0 so 0, but I'm pretty sure he was being sarcastic"
Ignore my family for Facebook friends.
So not PK at all?
"Oh man, this makes me miss living in Florida and going to Walmart with my mom."
"Might not melt but given my homemade wiring and old bike, I'd treat the rain as if my bike would melt"
"""eyy bby wnt sum fuk?"""
There were several links that do that in great detail provided.
"It was close for a little, but mostly yes."
"I did, its puppy love, dont be mean to the faglings"
this guy gets it
"We still get it a lot on 465, but I have a lot of issues on 74 and 70."
Sadly with 3 children under 3 and a 9-5 job my time is fairly limited beyond those I touch directly but who knows down the road.
Just wrong warp to the end fight... :)
My roommate has a japanese style bed that sits on the floor i only ever hear when shes moaning loud enough to hear through walls
"Honestly anyone who wants it should just get an alpha industries one or even a fucking hm one, youre literally paying more cause its supreme and it doesnt even say supreme on it, instead it has a dumbass quote"
Yeah or he didn't want a kid.
How do the Broncos/Panthers compare to the 95-96 Bulls?
Why?
Sans is the one who gets me.
Last hits and net worth.
What happened to the original guy?
This is an obvious case of white privilege.
I think we watch different news casts.
I absolutely hate seeing the toll that a mix of poverty and addiction and shitty mental state has on people... but fuck if I want to be on the receiving end of the anti-social consequences
"No, I don't know whether it does, sorry."
I'll be doing Super Rotation Battles in the Battle Maison in AS
"Damn, you've got me again :) I'm doing a lot of going back to grazing under your watchful eye."
Everybody else is against him because his crass ignorance and narcissism is truly scary.
Parody brother from the other big comic company.
You're certainly making a laughing stock of yourself with this hyperbolic bullshit.
That's the joke.
He also championed Bush2.0 an utter failure.
"Uther the lightbringer warcraft series, I'm a suckerfor the cliche honor duty respect characters."
mindfuck
If Golden State somehow doesn't win it all this year Durant may just opt out and retire
Portugal just doesn't care anymore.
Had like 1 or 2 lines
"Good practice, but I think at that point it would be ok to ""sail the seas"" if ya know what I mean."
"""Sorry I'm late for work, officer douchebag pulled me over to tell me I wasn't breaking the law...for some reason that still involved sitting at the side of the road for 20 minutes while he ran my plates"""
Neither manual has any helpful information relating to my issue
nou
Which aren't comparable to each other.
My old neighbours used that but I live in Canada so in made no sense.
I guess its just perception but I live in the suburbs of NY and those things youve listed only further push my point.
Burst fire working?
"""This was a joke, but most people are butthurt because they think it's insulting to their favorite movies"""
?
Put this in the hall of fame
I'm going to need this one explained
So does crit go out the window since you're ignoring sw pain and vt?
"Which was exactly the case here, someone else posted the full video that shows the solo dude complaining and trying to surrender way early when the game was still very winnable."
"Yeah, last I heard he was having a hard time locking it up in that birdcage of his."
"Not even a little bit true, which is probably why this is mentioned nowhere in the article linked."
The popcornenning!
"Post the after pictures when you're ready, actually kinda curious :)"
Only good for uplink if your team is running 4 hard wired.
Customers cannot read especially if it is not the price they want
"""Once the lone holdout against 20XX, PPMD has joined the dark side..."""
"Well obviously, the patch just came out like a week ago."
Helping a bro out and saying tanner hill.
Good initiative but our Internet isn't just bad out in the bush
"they aint the ones sending people to die Vietnam, Iraq, Libya, etc even though they never attacked us"
"No u ,"
I've always enjoyed jumping off the GW bridge
"""Dan was the man!"""
"""make's"" isn't a word"
"Posting links to quickmeme is banned, but he rehosted on imgur and directly linked to the image"
"Well of course, when you dehumanize or demonize your competition/opponents it makes easier you and others to hate them."
Effing Romanian judge still gives him a 9.9 - I swear these things are rigged.
Netflix is doing an original series of A Series of Unfortunate Events.
Easily my favorite city on the planet.
Wait what
more like politicians saying we say that
(The Aristocrats Edit).
PROTIP: You can't heal two targets at the same time.
MAKE BREAKFAST GREAT AGAIN
Agree with every word
That was a fucking brilliant story.
Apparently it was $600...
the feeling would be greater if we beat a good team
They're being more of a pedant.
"If you're feeling cheatty, you can edit the persistance.sfs file to bring her back"
"I got 14 free happy hours in 2013, had to just stop going, then it turned into McStabbin's"
Yeah I never watched the show and that left me crying
makes your squad look like a walking andy warhol painting
There is always someone to hate if you try hard enough.
People would be on the forum with pitchforks if the only way to buy those two was for hundreds of dollars.
Dwarf Fortress
No taxation without representation!
Everyone used to believe in slavery and certain races being superior to others too
"Good to hear, I only bought the D1 the other day."
Light.
"It's for a good cause, so what?"
Wrong person?
I doubt Buu has the firing power to do it... seriously.
8====D
"Go to the roster screen, select your RTTS player, and there should be an option to assign your player to the DL."
*swoooooooshh*
Shut your face.
They do but those are DC characters and unrelated to JJ.
Don't we all rub our wet naked bodies anyhow?
TGIF
You're talking for yourself at this point.
and trundle
Close enough.
Looks like an octopus leg!
"TheBron ""You Think You're Clever/Funny But You're Not"" JamesHarden"
"Run Barry, run."
"My apologies, thanks for the correction."
Wtf
"It is, the current n3ds firmware is 9.8"
My Lumia 928 (released May 2013) is running Windows 10 Tech Preview.
"I'd say neckbeard, actually"
"""We can't tolerate this intolerance of intolerace"""
"If you tell me that you're pansexual, I assume that you're an attention seeking moron."
"In the four tournaments leading up to TI, Zai would consistently be super farmed on the offlane iirc, especially on Brood."
I like this one.
a me interessa sapere come si fiuta un'inculata in campo immobiliare.
Unlike a trump property however the contractor got paid
MOM HELP HE'S THREATENING ME WITH ALL HIS MONEY Wait a second...
Except we make fun of a group that's generally hateful and promotes rape culture.
The phantom edit.
forest-trees
:o whaaaat
But then you have to live in Houston.
:(( Episode (( Part (( Chapter (
"They forked Reddits source code from github, so essentially the same thing without the admin over-reach (for now)."
"I know your comment is a lie not because you being a drug lord is unlikely, but because you owning a basement in Houston would be downright miraculous!"
"SSD only for Windows, programs and games."
is it confirmed that the format will not allow these cards even through portal/ discover?
I want to hear more about this satanic peace logo.
"Hi, it's me... ur uncle"
"If that's all you've done, your a-ok"
She's too PC/passive.
This would have been a great April Fools TIL if it wasn't true.
Would ABC's or CBS's coverage really be any different?
Please do.
Ocho and TO weren't like this and they were considered the definition of diva receivers
"That's okay, I've got a hand grenade that will take care of them."
"Well, sometimes Murphy just loves us too much.. :)"
"Magic back juice, that made me laugh."
dealing only 750 MAGIC damage so it probably wont even kill supps...
"If you insist on that, then a battery has ""negative resistance"", because U/I is negative."
IIRC Astralis have one
When the guitar pick slide happens as the ship goes by... Perfect.
Still pizza.
The simplest way to do that is to block them outright.
Our biggest get was resigning Tom Johnson.
Come Monday we'll be able to compare and contrast how the various polling firms and the poll aggregators fared.
That is always my goal when I make love to a woman.
nah... not at all... I guess it is an old bbs thing... bK.
"Did you have to repackage your xbox, or did you just go and ask them?"
Use the Dogs or the Spiders for Parts!
You poor delusional thing
"In other news, attention whores repost the same baseless drama that other attention whores posted."
Looks like a robot face vomiting Roman soldiers.
Is that Prost driving?
yes
I want a ''Black and White'' one!
I actually think we can land one solid DT
Well done Chuck E Cheese...
Honestly never even heard that as a complaint before.
Thugs.
That McNaughton is one shitty painter.
"I don't need to name a bigger upset, you referred to it as a massacre, when he didn't win by that mich"
MLK to 35 is a mess.
Beautiful!
Can someone explain for the very causal fan?
Laziness.
Lol man!
Technically so is AW
"Yeah, but I can teach it something else if I would make it possible"
"I think he was referring to the average WOT player that ""plays on low or mid-spec PCs"" aka under 300$ machines with integrated graphics cards."
I want facial hair like that D: but all I got is a damn goatee
"That would probably work, yeah"
"Size 6 is ""skinny person clothes""?"
grove park is crappy....there are other subdivisions in the area that are much nicer...mostly as you get closer to the miami/glenwood intersection
Shots... shots fired?
Please delete this.
Scneiderlin is better than William Carvalho.
So... the laser is powered by jet fuel?
Entering Thanks for being a bro OP.
Ad hominem retort and declaration of invalidity of your argument due to obvious status as a fanboy.
Well the Rays didn't have anybody slug .456 or better last season.
"You're going to get downvoted for this here, just a warning"
The bonus has to do with bounced shots most likely.
Thank you!
He asked for an estimation
Pretty shot!
"No you wouldn't, professional announcers wear more makeup than pornstars."
"I'll take two, please."
wheres the cringe tho?
I dont understand
First Round should look something like this: Cavs - Knicks Bulls - Pacers Raps - Pistons Heat - Hawks
LVG and Martinez are sitting in a room somewhere with a pile of LFC player voodoo dolls.
"Good idea, he's a clean freak and a tight ass (and i say that in the most loving way) so he would be happy with the price."
"True, I doubt they can get level 25 in 3 days."
So... what has RBNY done yet?
"Wow, I know so much secrets."
Another one from WoW would have helped him there as well (Aerie Peak).
Uber has been pushing car loans to their drivers - that then have high variable interest rates.
How old are you?
"That, and it would also be nice in the menu where you can see discoveries to see a list of blueprints you have unlocked and empty spaces for blueprints that have not yet been unlocked."
"He had it in a common area of the apartment (it was locked up at least), and someone else reported it to CUPD."
What?
some progress update ;)
Considering he's not an MMA fighter I wouldn't doubt it.
He could be a Private Investigator...
~~Lindley~~ Kaepernick is padding his stats
Fact that Giannis is 6'11 running a fast break and out running Lebron is sp00ky
Link doesn't work
"Yes, yes he does."
"Yeah, the bug when u Q in fountain and hit ppl was hilarious :D"
"Ah yes, of the Nutella Dynasty."
"Just imagine loving wrestling, going to shows with my father in the 20's, then maybe once or twice a year scraping together enough money to go see a show during the depression, going and getting a job and getting your kids to love wrestling too, and then all of a sudden reading this and finding out wrestling is fake"
Looks like the actor that plays Ragnars oldest son on Vikings
Contratcs having dates of ending is not something you expect from them?
"Slender, waning in potency, and lamenting the past?"
"Well, dead men don't talk."
*citation needed
He doesn't.
20*
While on Reddit duh
"I wondered how the Donald reddit was doing with all these appointments, but it's all just ""LALALALALALA look emails LALALALA"""
"683,680"
His credit worthiness isn't going the factor into the dealer's decision to sell to him.
Funniest one I have seen so far
/whoosh
"Well to be fair to the cat, the placement of the cat bed is a bit daft considering the table is used for food prep!"
"What do religious, or lack of religious beliefs have to do with web browsers?"
"I'm not sure, PM the mods."
"Hell, he used Freddy in Space and Head in jar Scott as a boss, so i wouldn't rule it out."
That Finland doesn't exist
Is there a reason besides nostalgia that you'd use John over hashcat?
"According to the bot problem in L2, yes they would and they do ignore a bot problem"
Eyyy look at my last two biases in EXO ^^sobwhathappened
I haven't lived in Mass since he got the job.
It's a sad world when the truth is seen as shaming.
"They are ""with Her"""
"""anti-refundable"""
"The type of work we do is in a large area, I would normally get inbetween the two of them to separate them, or I would call only one of them over to give me a hand doing something that I don't really need a hand for, just to separate them, this works well."
Remake the *whole* thing
This franchise needs to distance itself from Jennifer Lawrence's Mystique.
I'm guessing it's to do with the sheer number of frames being produced per second on Low
Year old dried ox penis
I needed this Ty op.
"Yeah, that's what he said"
I came here to make a similar joke.
How the fuck can you claim there is a working democracy in Turkey right now?
His mom gets the house.
"You should read before posting, that has nothing to do with LoL."
"My guess is they probably think Ramsay is adequate, but they're looking for exceptional."
"He was a good choice, then he chose a bat-shit crazy running mate to appease his party and it most likely cost him the election."
"Sorry, didn't realise the Anti-Joke police were in this thread."
And the normalizing of absurdity continues...
"It's understandable if it's a one time thing, but if you're making like $200 a week and spending $10 of that on lottery tickets, then we've got problems (since every 5 months, we're looking at literally a week of money just wasted)."
"Being intolerant of intolerance is good, or else everything would be fucked up."
"""This time Microsoft will do good by the PC gamers"""
DM;GP
Whoever set up the phones was retarded
I DUNNO I'VE SEEN THIS HAPPEN IN YUGIOH AND THAT NEVER ENDED WELL USE THE HEART OF THE CARDS OR SOME BULLSHIT WHY DOES YUGIOH KEEP GETTING MENTIONED IN THIS THREAD
Your definition of blowing something up doesn't involve breaking it into small bits?
Read the article
He makes me embarrassed to be a human.
Honey Mustard
Third rounder who just won the hobey baker.
That's a horrible deal
"As far as I can tell from the back, every single person in the audience was Asian."
Doing what was successful and deciding to not run Zenner was the adjustment...
"Dogs are too unpredictable, ask any mail man."
"I'm just saying you're from Indiana, that's all."
It's a cut... You don't get concussions from a cut.
"Im here, you can PM if you want."
lol no clue what that is
"This is true, Alanis Morissette."
Last 18 months
No one said you have to but your seriously deluding yourself if you think that it doesn't help trump more then it hurts the establishment.
Indigo Prophecy and Greg Hastings Tournament Paintball
Name five.
When was the last time you genuinely looked for updates?
I'd be kind enough to give people updates every year.
This feels like a Turner painting
I am taking you out of my amiibo collection
Foles 3/16 says I am top 6 QB.
haha and your relative humidity never reaches above 40% i bet too.
"The app's actually called com.supercell.magic, but close!"
"Just interested, how is it bad for them?"
Finally we get some English Fish n Chips!
"""Alright, who stuck their dick in the mashed potatoes?"""
F
"They get their MRAPs for basically scrap costs and military hardware is deeply, deeply discounted."
If Rasputin exists I wouldn't know whether to be scared or relieved
Your boy Clayster.
"He also was a longshot at first I believe, and now he is the front runner."
"Alright, thank you very much!"
WAHOOWA!
damn he's good
This is one of the funniest gifs I've ever seen.
"no I don't but they've been a better team without Love, and so far, haven't lost without Kyrie"
I use Snapchat purely for funny filters
Sounds like a mental break...
"Hey guys, check out this troll that has nothing more to do with his time."
$2 mil difference doesn't seem extravagant?
"Paint his face to match, stick him in front of a green screen, and he can disappear."
"Treating women as equals is ""misogyny???"""
"Yeah sorry, you can't treat me right if you can't look after yourself."
Are you saying that the intelligent designer could not make sperm a bit heat resistant?
There is just so much going on in this image... so much that I wish not to discuss...
"China, everything's china"
Me and you both (UK)
well that sure explains it all.. why my bar doesnt even fill 1 pixel now lol stage 102 atm and it takes me 30 minutes or more to complete 1 stage xD Thanks a bunch!
HEY EVERYONE IT'S CAL CHUCHESTA
now this leaves me wondering what a birl is...
That's rich since we did fight in ww2
If someone in the UFC (or any MMA organisation) is defenseless on the ground then they don't belong there in the first place...
Just call Sigint at 148.41 for the deets.
...I suggest browsing the sub first
GT: Gnarlton Banks I would prefer the Minnesota Vikings if they are available.
Population control would be better than socialism.
"I'd rather not throw people under the bus, so to speak."
"Can't expect people to acknowledge the ""It's also Final Fantasy"" part without you also acknowledging the ""it's an MMO"" part :)"
Honest equality.
similar boat - had my presale ticket and was just now easily able to get another for my girlfriend + camping
I don't really want to get into it because this cant go anywhere good.
"This was my plan for my Daily UI challenge, but I only got to #19!"
elaborate your statement
"Post if you do, I'd love to see!"
"Same man, I usually go out there once or twice a year to visit my father."
"You don't walk much, do you?"
"Okay, with what patcher and how?"
"I only saw two videos, and I still do too."
Hitler was American by choice?
Well they had that one game against ASU
The dissidents?
"I'd like to update my answer to yes, assuming jofer would be one of your keepers."
"make sure your sign reads "" We welcome fat chicks with feelings"" and ""Love Tumblr"""
Uh I refuse to sign the legislation that would allow more than 8 Jan Michael Vincents
"Most of the time both are illegal, but the downloading is considered about the same as shoplifting, while uploading is considered similarly as selling stolen goods (with each upload as a separate instance of the crime)."
It's just coughing and weird faces.
"A man farts in Tokyo, a hurricane hits L.A."
Proof or downvote
even if that were true they still own it.
"If only there was a sunderer spot that didnt scream ""fuck me in the ass"" to every tank in the hex"
Congrats.
Source on this?
8th place ):
"That works great except for the few subtle issues that likely won't cause an error, like the change in integer division Python 2: 5 / 2 == 2 Python 3: 5 / 2 == 2.5"
Get out of the tribalist mindset - both sides are lying.
Manage the game and it should show up in your ready to install list for the game
Honestly i feel i would get board after only a few hours
Should look into a subscription for returning customers like the guy above
NASA?
Bhikari checking in.
sock puppet accounts to help sway opinion
mhm.
Unfortunately you lived.
"People know they have something to hide, they do this because to them this is just routine hush money... they won't change."
Whom.
"They shouldn't have added Fez, it was already in another bundle not too long ago."
what a dick.
But..buuut... they told me doom countered everything...
They look like those plastic toy soldiers.
Plot twist: Turistas processam GDF por propaganda enganosa da chama eterna
goofypls
Oh shit yeah thats a thing that happened!
Justin Bieber
"It's just the tip of the sex jokes I think, but sometimes I'm just thinking cum on guys you can make some jokes about other topics, at least they've stopped making vagina jokes for a period of time"
I feel this way tbh #TEAMPOPPLIO
you can just add [[confuse]] in the beginning to swap ur stats to 5/7
It looks like she's lost the will to live.
You're a good person to make that decision in your dogs' best interest.
"Excuse me m'gentlesir but as an INTJ, I am offended."
o/
Why does Fitz always wear his helmet...
That's just musical theater fandom in general
Hooooolyyyy shit.
It's a mixture of both.
"I read that in Clint Eastwood's voice, which makes everything better"
"The idiots will never understand that, Sir."
I think it was him overcoming his self preservation instinct and diving headlong into harms way.
its not out yet.
"I have been considering upgrading to EVGA GTX 980Ti for few months, I guess I have to buy it now"
Arma 3 and I've also gotten into modded Skyrim.
Your mom.
I think he's spun things so hard that he can't tell reality from fantasy with all these alliances he keeps saying are totally good.
Tim McGraw and Faith Hill
"If it's working then don't comment, or at least add more substance than ""mine works""."
"While they are at it, please also consider the golf courses around la parouse, little bay and long bay..."
"With Riddick out, I'm leaning towards Rivers now after initially being on the side of Stafford"
Even on reddit you can find someone to tell you that facts are racist.
Clothing brands will come and go and if this guy he wants to know what is future is going to look like and how to keep his business going he needs to take a trip to Fredericton and talk with the guys that started Freddy Beach / Coastal Graphics.
Send nudes of America?
Yes.
Level 12 FTFY
Thanks for the tip!
Sounds like your son mighta caught the Gay from one of them *LIEberal* professors!
browsing new and reposting?
Me too thanks
Sigh.
Truer words were never spoken.
no
go have fun against egg.
I've got a friend who worked at EA (his company got bought by them) he's nothing but nice things to say about working there.
:)
"No, I'm not mad, I was just pointing out the fact that you're correcting what is likely a made up story."
10-Oct
What church bulletin did you read that off of?
"Guillermo del Toro- well at least he was nominated for ""Pan's Labyrinth"""
Voice activated.
This would be cool as an APNG.
sounds like the amd stock cooler
"I understand the reason to it, I am saying that it isn't a solution."
So the team with the least amount of fans?
Aren't we all...
/vomit
Fizz actually loses the match up
Stale
I completely agree on both points
Lmao put Darshan/Xmithie on IMT and they'd be worse than S5 CLG and wouldn't do any better than 13-5 record.
"I was gonna say, it looks like an injected advertisement that failed"
"Goddamn ""gotcha journalist""!"
I unironically like all of these suggestions.
Serious question: is all this negative feedback about comcast affecting them at all?
I want to best athletes science can create!
your
soo.. zero?
"""That's not fair, I didn't say time-in!"""
"Maybe people pick players from when we were a big club because those players were good enough to make us a ""big"" club."
Excited to see what Flynn can do.
Turtle combat!
Those veins are disgusting
So my 7 is even more painful
"That would mean having to read the Star , no thanks But top of my head -- The Rob Ford buying parkland , that had that idiot star reporter peeking over the fence and that whole thing came to nothing , the Fords getting their Printing company parking lot paved by the City , again BS and the paving of the Church parking lot that the Ford Mother attends , was also a faux scandal ... Just normal gutter Journalism from the Star, unless it is a Liberal then the fawning never stops"
281
Because her aim is getting better
Vasque Sundowners
"Pretty much, yeah."
Shitting Jizzing Driving at high speeds
"The only reason I've been trying to reduce, or at least think about, my nic level is because if it becomes illegal I will be screwed."
"I too hated the prox mine only cause I couldn't afford it, then I worked my ass off for that GP to perm it and now I won't leave home without it."
S U O L A I S E T P O J A T
Tree fiddy
"If his stance on the NSA, which is probably informed by the national security report he receives daily that you have no idea about, is the main reason you can call somebody ""not a good man"" then your priorities are beyond repair"
"At the time it will become operational we will have four GPS to choose from: Navstar (USA), Glonass (Russia), Compass (China) and Galileo (EU/EEA/ESA)."
Rick Santorum
"well, from (recent) experience, it works swimmingly in a vest pocket."
I would if I were them.
"With the original, no, although most games you needed to be able to see the main screen somehow"
I won't believe it until Frankie tells me
Yes
"I mean this in the most respectful way possible, your sister looks *gorgeous*"
Hello there new MOD :D
you win this sub.
Most Lafayette people are a bit salty towards LSU.
"I love hearing ""SpazKID"""
Jaitely's wings have been finally clipped.
"There's that, but more importantly, it's because cyclists tend not to follow the rules of the road and then give drivers attitude when they nearly get themselves killed."
In front of who..
I'm kinda glad someone else out there knows this lol sorry about your fingers though.
The beard will hide a lot as long as it isn't grey.
There are 10 of them vs 6
"I read about a paedophile ring involving west minster MPs and a very recent prime minister (hint: the last one in power) about 2 years ago on one of these ""tin hat"" websites the story was dismissed as rubbish and buried, I guess there was some truth to it afterall"